essay63.txt	2	According to a recent survey, 89% of people have come to think that, since they have been put in the situation which is filled with competitions and pressures, they have to use a lot of time to work hard, to update themselves, to acquire all kinds of skills and so on	According to a recent survey, 89% of people have come to think that, since they have been put in the situation which is filled with competitions and pressures, they have to use a lot of time to work hard, to update themselves, to acquire all kinds of skills and so on.	11	22

essay61.txt	2	Right from flying planes to sending a small document, computers are needed	Right from flying planes to sending a small document, computers are needed.	7	30

essay21.txt	2	the more an advertisement of a product takes place in mass media, the more popular the product becomes	Also, the more an advertisement of a product takes place in mass media, the more popular the product becomes.	12	21

essay06.txt	2	Exercising makes the heart muscles stronger	Exercising makes the heart muscles stronger.	13	40

essay35.txt	2	No matter how appealing the advertisements are, we should be able to make the decision on our own	No matter how appealing the advertisements are, we should be able to make the decision on our own.	14	15

essay87.txt	2	individuals had to pay much more for fuel if they possess more than three vehicles	For instance, individuals had to pay much more for fuel if they possess more than three vehicles; secondly, the government should develop the public transport to meet the residents' demand; last but not least, the people should be encouraged to use electric car to reduce the car emissions.	17	19

essay52.txt	2	it does not express every detail of life especially in Asia countries, which have totally different linguistic system	Even English is a sophisticated language; it does not express every detail of life especially in Asia countries, which have totally different linguistic system.	11	16

essay82.txt	2	advertising has brought great benefits to lives	Many believe that advertising has brought great benefits to lives therefore it should be considered a positive activity while others have held a complete different idea about this.	2	15

essay09.txt	2	In a country with only 5% of the earth's population, the United States holds 25% of the world's prisoners ("Marijuana Prison Statistics")	In a country with only 5% of the earth's population, the United States holds 25% of the world's prisoners ("Marijuana Prison Statistics").	9	35

essay57.txt	2	Mind is like a parachute, it doesn't work if its not open	Frank Zappa once said, " Mind is like a parachute, it doesn't work if its not open."	14	23

essay64.txt	2	Only through traditional games can children be ensured a positive and healthy skills learning process	Only through traditional games can children be ensured a positive and healthy skills learning process.	17	18

essay35.txt	2	they aim to grab your attention	They introduce new products, and provide various choices, not to mention they are often visually enjoyable, since they aim to grab your attention.	10	15

essay79.txt	2	Without arts, people would be at risk of suffering psychological problems	Without arts, people would be at risk of suffering psychological problems.	12	19

essay50.txt	2	they live and study in a harmony with music	Therefore, many university authorities provide music lessons for their students so that they live and study in a harmony with music.	4	20

essay22.txt	2	labors for graduates are in short supply	From their point of view, the fact is that there are numerous job opportunities for those who do not have the certification of university graduation, such as mechanics, sales persons, or engineers, and, furthermore, labors for graduates are in short supply.	5	14

essay49.txt	2	the have-nots cannot be ignored simply because they couldn't afford it	By way of conclusion, I believe that modern communication technologies will benefit more people in the future as the pace of life increases; however, the have-nots cannot be ignored simply because they couldn't afford it.	13	14

essay06.txt	2	Most people think of exercising as only being a physical activity	Most people think of exercising as only being a physical activity, but it's also a mental activity.	18	40

essay27.txt	2	if the developed countries are unwilling to share their successful experience in education, the developing countries will remain undeveloped, even though they gain a great deal of economic support	From this example, it is obvious that if the developed countries are unwilling to share their successful experience in education, the developing countries will remain undeveloped, even though they gain a great deal of economic support.	7	15

essay46.txt	2	A university, in common sense, is a medium for conveying or providing access to knowledge	A university, in common sense, is a medium for conveying or providing access to knowledge.	5	13

essay45.txt	2	they can have the chance to get back to work	In this case, the government ought to set up free vocational trainings or to provide interest-free bank loans for them, so that they can have the chance to get back to work.	11	14

essay85.txt	2	safety is of paramount importance compared to privacy	However, one must realize that safety is of paramount importance compared to privacy and prevention is always better than suffering from the consequences.	18	24

essay13.txt	2	You can now see the availability of your intended travel dates online, make the reservation, know the price of the ticket you want to purchase and pay conveniently with your credit card and you're all done	You can now see the availability of your intended travel dates online, make the reservation, know the price of the ticket you want to purchase and pay conveniently with your credit card and you're all done.	4	13

essay07.txt	2	these devices and machines are very common in all parts of the world, making it easier for people to read a number of things that newspapers can not provide in only some pages	As can be seen, these devices and machines are very common in all parts of the world, making it easier for people to read a number of things that newspapers can not provide in only some pages.	7	19

essay12.txt	2	it discourages students from bringing fire arms and especially drugs	Locker checks help students stay both physically and mentally healthy because it discourages students from bringing fire arms and especially drugs.	16	33

essay15.txt	2	Such ways usually made people have troubles for the expensiveness, difficulties in far communication or emergency and the loss of information	Such ways usually made people have troubles for the expensiveness, difficulties in far communication or emergency and the loss of information.	6	19

essay65.txt	2	Entertaining facilities such as cinemas, theaters and sports stadiums are mostly profit-oriented	Entertaining facilities such as cinemas, theaters and sports stadiums are mostly profit-oriented.	7	16

essay85.txt	2	the installation of CCTV cameras may help the employees escape this situation	Hence, the installation of CCTV cameras may help the employees escape this situation because the customers know very well that their conversations are recorded.	13	24

essay31.txt	2	there are some regulations to limit the use of automobiles by time and to allow the people possess one car only	For instance, there are some regulations to limit the use of automobiles by time and to allow the people possess one car only.	18	21

essay06.txt	2	Many people come up with plenty of excuses to not exercise	Many people come up with plenty of excuses to not exercise; however, if you truly want to improve your mental and physical health you will find the energy and time to exercise.	36	40

essay72.txt	2	The support alone is not sufficient	The support alone is not sufficient.	15	22

essay31.txt	2	automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air	Since automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air, the air gets to be polluted and it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants.	6	21

essay79.txt	2	Cultural heritage constitutes an essential part of arts	Cultural heritage constitutes an essential part of arts.	14	19

essay01.txt	2	when we consider about the question that how to win the game, we always find that we need the cooperation	However, when we consider about the question that how to win the game, we always find that we need the cooperation.	11	17

essay73.txt	2	both images and words go hand in hand and one cannot wholly emphasise on only one aspect, either images or words	To conclude, both images and words go hand in hand and one cannot wholly emphasise on only one aspect, either images or words.	16	18

essay66.txt	2	people, especially youngsters, are crazier about fresh and advanced things, such as digital products, thus becoming indifferent to traditional techniques	They argue that people, especially youngsters, are crazier about fresh and advanced things, such as digital products, thus becoming indifferent to traditional techniques.	14	18

essay39.txt	2	spaceships, communication satellites and space pens also contribute a lot to the society	Moreover, spaceships, communication satellites and space pens also contribute a lot to the society.	15	18

essay02.txt	2	These feedbacks, in turn, help raise one’s pride of their cultures and help people understand each other more	These feedbacks, in turn, help raise one’s pride of their cultures and help people understand each other more.	8	17

essay12.txt	2	Drugs, alcohol, and firearms in lockers make a harmless place like school quite dangerous	Drugs, alcohol, and firearms in lockers make a harmless place like school quite dangerous.	8	33

essay20.txt	2	in most industrialised countries, there is a number of companies that holds heavy factories in their constitutions	First, in most industrialised countries, there is a number of companies that holds heavy factories in their constitutions.	3	14

essay85.txt	2	This is chiefly to shield oneself from being harmed by any intruders or robbers	This is chiefly to shield oneself from being harmed by any intruders or robbers.	21	24

essay11.txt	2	Kids always seem to find new "best friends" for the weekends and even adults may find themselves sharing a meal with their new neighbors	Kids always seem to find new "best friends" for the weekends and even adults may find themselves sharing a meal with their new neighbors.	55	64

essay62.txt	2	Choice of course should be the discretion of the student and their merit, irrespective of the gender	Choice of course should be the discretion of the student and their merit, irrespective of the gender.	21	23

essay11.txt	2	That fee includes water, sewer, and electric	That fee includes water, sewer, and electric.	18	64

essay15.txt	2	They are so convenient that the majority of population prefer to use them instead of some traditional ways	They are so convenient that the majority of population prefer to use them instead of some traditional ways.	10	19

essay54.txt	2	museums and art galleries preserve some culture heritages	Furthermore, museums and art galleries preserve some culture heritages; therefore, these buildings will not disappear unless people abandon their culture.	9	11

essay42.txt	2	the employers can make sure the employees can actually focus and concentrate on their projects instead of thinking about their children or feeling pressured	By doing this, the employers can make sure the employees can actually focus and concentrate on their projects instead of thinking about their children or feeling pressured.	9	12

essay10.txt	2	it's nobody's business who you fall in love with	(22) It's wrong to tell two people who love each other that they cannot marry; it's nobody's business who you fall in love with.	7	32

essay63.txt	2	in recent years, there was a significant increase in the number of people from all walks of life realizing this valueable benefit of those technologies in doing their housework	Actually, in recent years, there was a significant increase in the number of people from all walks of life realizing this valueable benefit of those technologies in doing their housework.	7	22

essay87.txt	2	those who are suffering from the inefficiency of public transport tend to own a car immediately	Therefore, those who are suffering from the inefficiency of public transport tend to own a car immediately.	7	19

essay26.txt	2	Some ingredients being added have caused dire consequences	Some ingredients being added have caused dire consequences.	5	16

essay70.txt	2	improving transportation facilities and building supervisory institution would be preferable, plus with the awareness of environmental protection being raised	In conclusion, addressing pollution and traffic issues only by increasing oil price Is not adequate, while improving transportation facilities and building supervisory institution would be preferable, plus with the awareness of environmental protection being raised.	14	15

essay55.txt	2	the dullness of course may deeply influence their passion on study	Moreover, the dullness of course may deeply influence their passion on study.	16	19

essay22.txt	2	the benefits of learning in universities are the vital factor in creating more possibilities for the development of society through advancing academic fulfillment and the young generation who have experiences and challenges	Although higher education does not guarantee young students' success, the benefits of learning in universities are the vital factor in creating more possibilities for the development of society through advancing academic fulfillment and the young generation who have experiences and challenges.	13	14

essay58.txt	2	Competition should be always based on self-improvement rule	Competition should be always based on self-improvement rule.	23	30

essay10.txt	2	the bible states that it is unholy for couples of the same gender to marry	Majority of the population against same sex marriage firmly believe the bible states that it is unholy for couples of the same gender to marry.	23	32

essay16.txt	2	there is some disadvantages of animals' profits	To sum up, I reaffirm that although there is some disadvantages of animals' profits, the merits of animal experiments still outweigh the demerits.	12	13

essay89.txt	2	He is also able to use this information for the next times	He is also able to use this information for the next times.	19	24

essay13.txt	2	It can have less work for them	It can have less work for them, just for instance, instead of opening up a patient to get a gallstone, they would just use an instrument that would make a point incision and guide it through inside the body to do the job for them.	10	13

essay64.txt	2	these traditional games were elaborately devised by educators and have been proven effective in improving children's skills on different aspects in previous teaching practices	In fact, these traditional games were elaborately devised by educators and have been proven effective in improving children's skills on different aspects in previous teaching practices.	13	18

essay70.txt	2	governments have a macro-economic perspective to control price in various areas according to social demands	On one hand, governments have a macro-economic perspective to control price in various areas according to social demands.	5	15

essay46.txt	2	these must be made available when needed	It is, therefore, not necessary for a certain course or type of training to be offered to the students by a university, but instead, these must be made available when needed.	9	13

essay14.txt	2	within this sources students learn lots of things which they can't learn in classes	Those who feel that students learn far more from other sources, such as the Internet and television, frimly believe that within this sources students learn lots of things which they can't learn in classes.	10	19

essay66.txt	2	China has successfully promoted traditional techniques in the Shanghai World Expo, using a variety of state-of –the-art technological methods, such as robots and LED screens	For example, China has successfully promoted traditional techniques in the Shanghai World Expo, using a variety of state-of –the-art technological methods, such as robots and LED screens.	11	18

essay04.txt	2	As the Australia’s Great Barrier Reef has shown, the billion visitors per annum has generated immense destruction to this nature wonder, namely breaking the corals caused by walking or throwing boat’s anchors, dropping fuel and other sorts of pollutions	As the Australia’s Great Barrier Reef has shown, the billion visitors per annum has generated immense destruction to this nature wonder, namely breaking the corals caused by walking or throwing boat’s anchors, dropping fuel and other sorts of pollutions.	8	13

essay39.txt	2	Oxygen tanks, for instance, are proved useful not only in outer space but also underwater	Oxygen tanks, for instance, are proved useful not only in outer space but also underwater.	14	18

essay84.txt	2	Some might even go to the extent of lying that they are on unemployment to make them eligible to get the phones	Some might even go to the extent of lying that they are on unemployment to make them eligible to get the phones.	16	22

essay53.txt	2	They are kept for security purposes in houses	They are kept for security purposes in houses.	8	18

essay11.txt	2	Flush toilets, warm showers, central heating and air, and even the lack of bugs accompanying the sleeping camper are some of the luxuries that are missed the most	Flush toilets, warm showers, central heating and air, and even the lack of bugs accompanying the sleeping camper are some of the luxuries that are missed the most.	57	64

essay44.txt	2	This can make use of the available natural resources which in turn would reduce the global warming	This can make use of the available natural resources which in turn would reduce the global warming.	14	16

essay10.txt	2	By not allowing them to marry all that America is doing is depriving same sex couples of their rights to care for each other and provide for each other	By not allowing them to marry all that America is doing is depriving same sex couples of their rights to care for each other and provide for each other.	10	32

essay52.txt	2	the innovation of plane and train solved the geographical barriers	Fortunately, the innovation of plane and train solved the geographical barriers.	6	16

essay31.txt	2	an increase in the number of automobiles causes terrible traffic congestion	Secondly, an increase in the number of automobiles causes terrible traffic congestion.	8	21

essay53.txt	2	Many other practices like, equestrian sport where horses run miles and miles and beaten up by jockeys to make them run more faster	Many other practices like, equestrian sport where horses run miles and miles and beaten up by jockeys to make them run more faster.	14	18

essay78.txt	2	some countries may place economic developments ahead of environmental protection, thus ruining the local environments	Admittedly, some countries may place economic developments ahead of environmental protection, thus ruining the local environments.	4	18

essay06.txt	2	It doesn't matter how you exercise, as long as you are being active	It doesn't matter how you exercise, as long as you are being active.	28	40

essay36.txt	2	The accidents cannot be completely avoided although only those who have gun licenses can purchase guns	The accidents cannot be completely avoided although only those who have gun licenses can purchase guns.	6	17

essay36.txt	2	our surroundings would be safer with lower accident rates	So the fewer guns possessed, the fewer accidents would happened, our surroundings would be safer with lower accident rates.	8	17

essay83.txt	2	no matter how much careful we are such accidents are unevitable	This unfortunate event proves that no matter how much careful we are such accidents are unevitable.	9	15

essay57.txt	2	Restrictions would just curb the innovative ideas of the artists and would limit their brains	Restrictions would just curb the innovative ideas of the artists and would limit their brains.	15	23

essay81.txt	2	it is every human's right to be able to voice out their opinions in any ways as long as they do not cause any problems to the nation	Furthermore, it is every human's right to be able to voice out their opinions in any ways as long as they do not cause any problems to the nation.	8	21

essay15.txt	2	it is more dangerous that youngsters sometimes use such new languages in their studying, writing assignments	Moreover, it is more dangerous that youngsters sometimes use such new languages in their studying, writing assignments.	15	19

essay51.txt	2	Another reason for applied technology in agriculture is the low-priced foods resulted from the widely used of factory farming	Another reason for applied technology in agriculture is the low-priced foods resulted from the widely used of factory farming.	6	12

essay50.txt	2	music has a great power which can positively influence on human being and its psychology	It is obvious that music has a great power which can positively influence on human being and its psychology.	3	20

essay70.txt	2	in the long run, it would be a wise choice	Meanwhile, cultivating a sense of environmental protection would also work out, though it might not be into effect immediately, but in the long run, it would be a wise choice.	13	15

essay34.txt	2	children can learn a lot at school	Whether children can learn a lot at school, there are many subjects that will be of little value to them in the future.	11	18

essay13.txt	2	they are just comfortable dealing with a human being than a computer	They may have several reasons to it but then maybe they are just comfortable dealing with a human being than a computer.	7	13

essay65.txt	2	they are accessed by every individual in our society on a daily basis	That is the reason why sectors such as medical care and education deserve more governmental support, because they are accessed by every individual in our society on a daily basis.	14	16

essay77.txt	2	In the zoos, even though wild animals are caged, they have capability to walk in a limited area	In the zoos, even though wild animals are caged, they have capability to walk in a limited area.	9	17

essay10.txt	2	Laws have been changed for all sexes, races' and genders for the same purpose, equal rights	Laws have been changed for all sexes, races' and genders for the same purpose, equal rights.	27	32

essay14.txt	2	stundents learn things easily	In this case, stundents learn things easily.	12	19

essay60.txt	2	When he started his university studies, he failed miserably	When he started his university studies, he failed miserably.	18	27

essay81.txt	2	the famous movie '3 Idiots' acted by Amir Khan criticises the education system which is chiefly based on memorising and not being able to apply whatever the students learn	To illustrate this further, the famous movie '3 Idiots' acted by Amir Khan criticises the education system which is chiefly based on memorising and not being able to apply whatever the students learn.	11	21

essay18.txt	2	They want female candidates for soft natured work like counseling, teaching, designing etc	They want female candidates for soft natured work like counseling, teaching, designing etc.	17	24

essay37.txt	2	in FIFA World Cup 2010, the relation between North Korea and South Korea is dangerous for the warship sinking	For example in FIFA World Cup 2010, the relation between North Korea and South Korea is dangerous for the warship sinking.	7	23

essay34.txt	2	It creates the best conditions for students education and can force them to focus on their school work instead of wasting their time to do useless things	It creates the best conditions for students education and can force them to focus on their school work instead of wasting their time to do useless things.	5	18

essay09.txt	2	they are introduced to these hardcore drugs in the same underground market where they got the marijuana, not because it's a gateway drug	Teens are susceptible to harsher drugs after trying marijuana because they are introduced to these hardcore drugs in the same underground market where they got the marijuana, not because it's a gateway drug.	25	35

essay09.txt	2	anything has the potential to be abused, even something as simple as food	This is an unfair statement, anything has the potential to be abused, even something as simple as food.	27	35

essay55.txt	2	many teenagers cannot enjoy the variation of the curriculum	However, still many teenagers cannot enjoy the variation of the curriculum, instead, they feel more stressful with so much homework and exams to be done.	10	19

essay10.txt	2	Nobody likes feeling inferior, or like they a below standards	Nobody likes feeling inferior, or like they a below standards, by making sex marriage illegal you are making people who are attracted to the same sex feel and seem inferior to others.	13	32

essay11.txt	2	Returning to nature often allows campers to return to their true selves	Returning to nature often allows campers to return to their true selves.	32	64

essay87.txt	2	they need to acquire at least two cars or they may both be late	For example, three family members have to work or study in three place separated so far with each other, then they need to acquire at least two cars or they may both be late.	12	19

essay66.txt	2	In the past, only when people went to the local place could they experience the specific traditional lifestyles	In the past, only when people went to the local place could they experience the specific traditional lifestyles.	7	18

essay77.txt	2	Thanks to the considerate care, the diversity of wild animal could be guaranteed	Thanks to the considerate care, the diversity of wild animal could be guaranteed.	7	17

essay38.txt	2	the Internet gives everyone access to the same information	In addition, the Internet gives everyone access to the same information, this therefore leads to greater equality between individuals.	13	19

essay89.txt	2	it also depends on the height, the purity of the water, and even the measuring tool	However, the result is not always the same in reality because it also depends on the height, the purity of the water, and even the measuring tool.	9	24

essay09.txt	2	It's done nothing but waste tax payer dollars, fill prisons with non violent criminals, and create a black market	It's done nothing but waste tax payer dollars, fill prisons with non violent criminals, and create a black market.	12	35

essay06.txt	2	When people actually take the time to try exercising they realize it's an enjoyable experience	When people actually take the time to try exercising they realize it's an enjoyable experience.	27	40

essay06.txt	2	When you exercise you body releases endorphins, which are chemicals that create a happy feeling in brain	When you exercise you body releases endorphins, which are chemicals that create a happy feeling in brain.	22	40

essay87.txt	2	the development of automobile industry could be restrained as well as the employments offered by it, which could have negative effects on economy	On the other hand, the development of automobile industry could be restrained as well as the employments offered by it, which could have negative effects on economy.	13	19

essay35.txt	2	advertisements can be falseful and exaggerated	However, despite the fact that advertisements can be falseful and exaggerated, it is also true that it plays and important role economically.	9	15

essay44.txt	2	many countries still rely only on this source	Although there is a lot of water shortage to generate electricity many countries still rely only on this source.	5	16

essay20.txt	2	The waste products and harmful gases produced by these factories cause a significant amount of air pollution	The waste products and harmful gases produced by these factories cause a significant amount of air pollution.	4	14

essay25.txt	2	it is inevitable that there will be more factories built with the development of our society	However, it is inevitable that there will be more factories built with the development of our society.	12	17

essay11.txt	2	A stay in a condo in the same area will cost at least $645.00 for the week	A stay in a condo in the same area will cost at least $645.00 for the week.	19	64

essay07.txt	2	from the economic aspect, buying newspapers appears to be a waste of money when the internet becomes available for every one	Another point is that, from the economic aspect, buying newspapers appears to be a waste of money when the internet becomes available for every one.	9	19

essay87.txt	2	three family members have to work or study in three place separated so far with each other	For example, three family members have to work or study in three place separated so far with each other, then they need to acquire at least two cars or they may both be late.	12	19

essay03.txt	2	in Vietnam, many cultural costumes and natural scenes, namely ‘Trong Dong’ drum performance and ‘Ha Long’ bay, are being encouraged to preserve and funded by the tourism ministry	For instance, in Vietnam, many cultural costumes and natural scenes, namely ‘Trong Dong’ drum performance and ‘Ha Long’ bay, are being encouraged to preserve and funded by the tourism ministry.	8	13

essay47.txt	2	the animals are deprived of freedom as a result of staying in zoos	Preserving wild animals in zoos is an issue which frequently generates a great deal of heated debate, with supporters maintaining that wild life would be taken good care from professionals, while opponents claim that the animals are deprived of freedom as a result of staying in zoos.	1	14

essay78.txt	2	these needy countries lack adequate financial and human resources, advanced technologies and experience	As these needy countries lack adequate financial and human resources, advanced technologies and experience, they have to rely on natural resources to maintain their living standards.	5	18

essay72.txt	2	If only the society or the people surrounding the addicts give them a second chance, I am sure that they will never abuse drugs once more	If only the society or the people surrounding the addicts give them a second chance, I am sure that they will never abuse drugs once more.	14	22

essay39.txt	2	it is the earth which goes around the sun, not vice versa	Another example is that it is the earth which goes around the sun, not vice versa.	7	18

essay61.txt	2	Human life today can't be imagined without computers	Human life today can't be imagined without computers, so not depending on them is out of question.	29	30

essay70.txt	2	the impacts for those pollution and traffic issues are extremely far-reaching	As the impacts for those pollution and traffic issues are extremely far-reaching, it is insufficient to increase the petrol price only to solve problems, though it is a promising method discussed in the contemporary society.	3	15

essay48.txt	2	the presence of video conferencing allows a teacher to teach a greater number of students	Furthermore, the presence of video conferencing allows a teacher to teach a greater number of students.	6	14

essay14.txt	2	teachers teach students how to write, read and calculate since they are in kindergarten	They argue that teachers teach students how to write, read and calculate since they are in kindergarten.	6	19

essay07.txt	2	This is simply the contributor to the deforestation which is happening all over the world today	This is simply the contributor to the deforestation which is happening all over the world today.	15	19

essay07.txt	2	the internet service is being provided at a low cost or even free in many countries	It is clear to recognize that the internet service is being provided at a low cost or even free in many countries.	10	19

essay36.txt	2	some terrorists are able to possess more advanced weapons than the police, which makes citizens always live in danger	What is worse, some terrorists are able to possess more advanced weapons than the police, which makes citizens always live in danger.	12	17

essay58.txt	2	blind and selfish competition is detrimental	However, blind and selfish competition is detrimental.	21	30

essay24.txt	2	they will have a bad result in school	Due to this neglect, they will have a bad result in school because when they can not live without internet, they will have no time for their studying.	11	14

essay79.txt	2	people are increasingly occupied with their work and studies due to the stiff competition	Currently, people are increasingly occupied with their work and studies due to the stiff competition.	10	19

essay36.txt	2	there is an increasing trend of adolescent suicides and suicides among those age 75 and over	Unfortunately, there is an increasing trend of adolescent suicides and suicides among those age 75 and over.	15	17

essay11.txt	2	Some people that do not like the idea of camping give the reason of having to camp with people in such a confined space	Some people that do not like the idea of camping give the reason of having to camp with people in such a confined space.	35	64

essay57.txt	2	Mind can not work when it is chained in boundaries	Mind can not work when it is chained in boundaries.	21	23

essay23.txt	2	overusing of the electronic devices including mobile phones could lead to higher possibility of suffering hearing loss and even cancers	It has been proved that overusing of the electronic devices including mobile phones could lead to higher possibility of suffering hearing loss and even cancers, although the further investigation are needed.	10	19

essay67.txt	2	some of the art work may contain negative implications such as insanity, violence, eroticism etc	It is undeniable that some of the art work may contain negative implications such as insanity, violence, eroticism etc.	9	12

essay45.txt	2	addressing unemployment should have low priority	Besides, there are other pressing demands on the government expenditure, such as health care service and education, so addressing unemployment should have low priority.	6	14

essay11.txt	2	When families go camping, they put the jobs and sporting events on hold	When families go camping, they put the jobs and sporting events on hold.	37	64

essay38.txt	2	these products can help them to earn more in return	To some extent, the gap between rich people and poor is widen by technology, because only the rich people have ability to afford the expensive high-tech products, and these products can help them to earn more in return.	15	19

essay01.txt	2	Take Olympic games which is a form of competition for instance, it is hard to imagine how an athlete could win the game without the training of his or her coach, and the help of other professional staffs such as the people who take care of his diet, and those who are in charge of the medical care	Take Olympic games which is a form of competition for instance, it is hard to imagine how an athlete could win the game without the training of his or her coach, and the help of other professional staffs such as the people who take care of his diet, and those who are in charge of the medical care.	13	17

essay34.txt	2	there are some advantages of leaving school to find a job	Even though there are some advantages of leaving school to find a job, studying at school is always the best choice for children's future.	16	18

essay09.txt	2	Many cancer patients have used medical marijuana as a way of dealing with nausea after treatment or stimulating their appetite	Many cancer patients have used medical marijuana as a way of dealing with nausea after treatment or stimulating their appetite.	30	35

essay81.txt	2	Arts is one of the ways that can be used to criticise social problems and government policies in a particular country	Arts is one of the ways that can be used to criticise social problems and government policies in a particular country.	10	21

essay39.txt	2	astronauts need to travel to outer space which does not have any oxygen to breathe in	As astronauts need to travel to outer space which does not have any oxygen to breathe in, scientists are compelled to do research on the oxygen tanks.	13	18

essay24.txt	2	several teenagers play games without rest, which leads to health depression	For instance, several teenagers play games without rest, which leads to health depression, a typical example is the death of Korean gamer, who had a non-stop playing for 3 days.	8	14

essay67.txt	2	in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide	I absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents; however, in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide – these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art.	10	12

essay54.txt	2	It is like travelling to a place is much better than viewing the landscape of that place on TV or photos	It is like travelling to a place is much better than viewing the landscape of that place on TV or photos, so the best method to learn one thing is to experience it.	8	11

essay41.txt	2	they can not only save time and money but also be enlightened by what young people have to say	To sum up, students can learn outside the textbook and classroom with a real working experiences that can be a great opportunity for future job consideration whereas organizations earn much more as they can not only save time and money but also be enlightened by what young people have to say.	10	11

essay15.txt	2	we can take advantages of the new language along with preserving the traditional one	Nevertheless, educators and individuals themselves, especially the youths should pay ore attention to this matter so that we can take advantages of the new language along with preserving the traditional one.	18	19

essay88.txt	2	the environmental is greener than in cities	Finally, the environmental is greener than in cities.	5	25

essay11.txt	2	Camping gives you the ability to see these beautiful locations at first sunlight, in the middle of the day, at sunset and even under the stars	Camping gives you the ability to see these beautiful locations at first sunlight, in the middle of the day, at sunset and even under the stars.	27	64

essay46.txt	2	It is, therefore, not necessary for a certain course or type of training to be offered to the students by a university	It is, therefore, not necessary for a certain course or type of training to be offered to the students by a university, but instead, these must be made available when needed.	9	13

essay18.txt	2	university authority must not be biased on ground of the gender discrimination	Furthermore, university authority must not be biased on ground of the gender discrimination.	10	24

essay06.txt	2	it can even be fun	Excerising is one of the most important things in life and it can even be fun.	5	40

essay81.txt	2	there are many wonderful and beautiful Arts due to the freedom to express ideas	Hence, even though freedom to express ideas can bring some negative effects, I certainly believe that there are many wonderful and beautiful Arts due to the freedom to express ideas and thus, I strongly believe there should be no restrictions on them.	20	21

essay37.txt	2	They were welcomed by each Chinese hospitality, beauty in each cities	They were welcomed by each Chinese hospitality, beauty in each cities.	19	23

essay06.txt	2	When your heart muscle is strong it can do the same amount of work at a lower heart rate	When your heart muscle is strong it can do the same amount of work at a lower heart rate, so the heart doesn't have to work as hard as it does with weak muscles.	14	40

essay10.txt	2	it is no one's business to tell same sex couples they should not be able wed	Just like it is no one's business to tell same sex couples they should not be able wed.	8	32

essay89.txt	2	it is acquired from what have happened to them	Whereas, it is easy to put knowledge from experience in real life because it is acquired from what have happened to them.	14	24

essay33.txt	2	it is more likely to solve the problems of the world rather than intensifying them	I think it is more likely to solve the problems of the world rather than intensifying them.	11	12

essay54.txt	2	more and more people can watch exhibitions through television or internet at home due to modern technology	It is quite common that more and more people can watch exhibitions through television or internet at home due to modern technology; therefore, some people think museums and art galleries will disappear soon.	1	11

essay41.txt	2	the students are not bound to restricted workload	In addition, the younger generations can help them generate new ideas as the students are not bound to restricted workload and they tend to have greater imagination, which can be essentially helpful when they are making a new advertisement or slogan.	8	11

essay62.txt	2	females studying in girl's colleges are too shy to face boys	On the other hand, females studying in girl's colleges are too shy to face boys.	11	23

essay33.txt	2	Developing globalization, people can have more access to many natural resources of the world	Developing globalization, people can have more access to many natural resources of the world and it leads to increasing the pace of scientific and economic promotions of the entire world.	7	12

essay23.txt	2	further investigation are needed	It has been proved that overusing of the electronic devices including mobile phones could lead to higher possibility of suffering hearing loss and even cancers, although the further investigation are needed.	10	19

essay21.txt	2	The product also should satisfy the needs of the consumers	The product also should satisfy the needs of the consumers.	4	21

essay14.txt	2	They can only input some key words and google it, and then there are numberless articles and websites related to it	They can only input some key words and google it, and then there are numberless articles and websites related to it.	11	19

essay67.txt	2	it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art	I absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents; however, in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide – these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art.	10	12

essay66.txt	2	This means individuals who were engaged in work and therefore could not spare time to travel or restricted by traffic conditions had to miss the chance to appreciate the traditional skills	This means individuals who were engaged in work and therefore could not spare time to travel or restricted by traffic conditions had to miss the chance to appreciate the traditional skills.	8	18

essay70.txt	2	authorities should spare no efforts in improving public transportation facilities, such as constructing more bus lines, in order to reducing the usage of private cars	Primarily, authorities should spare no efforts in improving public transportation facilities, such as constructing more bus lines, in order to reducing the usage of private cars.	10	15

essay14.txt	2	Students have knowledge of others cultrues, outer space etc	Students have knowledge of others cultrues, outer space etc.	15	19

essay29.txt	2	a well-organized home does not need the housewife's presence the whole day long	In conclusion, a well-organized home does not need the housewife's presence the whole day long and married women could go to work in order to enjoy the working life outside the home.	15	16

essay12.txt	2	there are frequent locker checks and other students are getting caught and punished for it	Lastly, more students will comply with the school policies because there are frequent locker checks and other students are getting caught and punished for it.	22	33

essay02.txt	2	Fail to create this familiarity makes them felt isolated, in the extreme can lead to social disorder like autism	Fail to create this familiarity makes them felt isolated, in the extreme can lead to social disorder like autism.	13	17

essay88.txt	2	people in large cities face annoying noise and dirty air emitted from vehicles almost everyday	It is clearly seen that people in large cities face annoying noise and dirty air emitted from vehicles almost everyday.	8	25

essay82.txt	2	advertising is believed by many, a financial burden to businesses	Therefore, advertising is believed by many, a financial burden to businesses.	12	15

essay09.txt	2	Despite great efforts by the federal government against marijuana, it has become a large part of the national economy	Despite great efforts by the federal government against marijuana, it has become a large part of the national economy.	6	35

essay55.txt	2	under such target-oriented education environment, teenagers may be hard to regret their original choice and change their specialized field in their further study	Most importantly, under such target-oriented education environment, teenagers may be hard to regret their original choice and change their specialized field in their further study.	15	19

essay85.txt	2	prevention is always better than suffering from the consequences	However, one must realize that safety is of paramount importance compared to privacy and prevention is always better than suffering from the consequences.	18	24

essay28.txt	2	by advertising companies, businesses, firms and individuals promote their goods and services	On the other hand by advertising companies, businesses, firms and individuals promote their goods and services.	11	19

essay85.txt	2	the employees know that they are under constant surveillance	Not only that, as the employees know that they are under constant surveillance, they will less likely steal from the shops.	9	24

essay35.txt	2	youngsters, as the target consumers, love celebrities	By casting famous singers in their television advertisement, motorcycles or clothes for example, sales increase significantly since youngsters, as the target consumers, love celebrities.	7	15

essay80.txt	2	This is so unfair for them to be taken out of their natural environment and to be kept in small enclosures	This is so unfair for them to be taken out of their natural environment and to be kept in small enclosures.	5	17

essay62.txt	2	When universities will accept them in equal number, both genders will be able to nurture their talent	When universities will accept them in equal number, both genders will be able to nurture their talent and a healthy competitive environment will develop.	7	23

essay59.txt	2	Its first and foremost objective is safety of other human beings	Its first and foremost objective is safety of other human beings.	8	26

essay77.txt	2	children could acquire the information regarding how to protect wild animals according to guided tour or volunteers	Further, children could acquire the information regarding how to protect wild animals according to guided tour or volunteers.	11	17

essay37.txt	2	When they garther together to encourage their team, they will show their patriotic emotions	When they garther together to encourage their team, they will show their patriotic emotions.	13	23

essay39.txt	2	astronauts only brought useless rocks back to planet earth despite the large sum of money spent on their equipment	However, a lot of people still consider space exploration as an act of wasting money, to illustrate, astronauts only brought useless rocks back to planet earth despite the large sum of money spent on their equipment.	3	18

essay61.txt	2	Nanotechnology is working to make computers to the order of microscopic levels	Nanotechnology is working to make computers to the order of microscopic levels.	15	30

essay52.txt	2	language contains many aspects of people's daily life, which is influenced by culture, environment as well as religious	It is undeniable that language contains many aspects of people's daily life, which is influenced by culture, environment as well as religious.	12	16

essay56.txt	2	Taking IT industry for an example, top technical science is published in English	Taking IT industry for an example, top technical science is published in English.	11	20

essay56.txt	2	this is really short-sighted, ignoring the rapid development of native economy and society	However, this is really short-sighted, ignoring the rapid development of native economy and society.	16	20

essay75.txt	2	it could bring release one's heavy burden of study pressure and refresh human bodies through a hard day from work	Admittedly, art, to some extent, serve a valuable function about enriching one's daily lives, for example, it could bring release one's heavy burden of study pressure and refresh human bodies through a hard day from work.	5	9

essay31.txt	2	Once we get into the traffic jam, it forces us to waste our time for a while	Once we get into the traffic jam, it forces us to waste our time for a while.	9	21

essay34.txt	2	there are many subjects that will be of little value to them in the future	Whether children can learn a lot at school, there are many subjects that will be of little value to them in the future.	11	18

essay10.txt	2	there is no proof saying that it is wrong for them to have those benefits	Same sex couples just want the benefits of being married like everyone else and there is no proof saying that it is wrong for them to have those benefits.	9	32

essay49.txt	2	With a mobile phone or a laptop, a person can talk or send messages online at a bus stop, in a corner shop or anywhere they could imagine	With a mobile phone or a laptop, a person can talk or send messages online at a bus stop, in a corner shop or anywhere they could imagine.	7	14

essay60.txt	2	my cousin started working in a customer care centre after high school and got distracted	For instance, my cousin started working in a customer care centre after high school and got distracted.	17	27

essay55.txt	2	they feel more stressful with so much homework and exams to be done	However, still many teenagers cannot enjoy the variation of the curriculum, instead, they feel more stressful with so much homework and exams to be done.	10	19

essay13.txt	2	it entails decision-making situations	On the other hand, there are still jobs which require the expertise of a human employee especially when it entails decision-making situations.	2	13

essay51.txt	2	food which is genetically modified interrupts the natural balance of the ecosystem and would return to haunt us in unexpected ways	They further suggest that food which is genetically modified interrupts the natural balance of the ecosystem and would return to haunt us in unexpected ways.	9	12

essay11.txt	2	By putting aside all of these events, the family has an opportunity to bond and renew their relationships	By putting aside all of these events, the family has an opportunity to bond and renew their relationships.	39	64

essay37.txt	2	Everythings is created by patriotic emotions of Chinese who wanted to bring a beautiful China to the world	Everythings is created by patriotic emotions of Chinese who wanted to bring a beautiful China to the world.	20	23

essay79.txt	2	public services such as education system or medical care can meet people's basic demand of survival, security and knowledge, thus making them feel comfortable, which can lower the crime rate	Simultaneously, public services such as education system or medical care can meet people's basic demand of survival, security and knowledge, thus making them feel comfortable, which can lower the crime rate.	6	19

essay05.txt	2	employers are mostly looking for people who have international and language skills	Also, employers are mostly looking for people who have international and language skills.	9	14

essay88.txt	2	peaceful atmosphere, friendliness of people, and green landscape strongly convince me	Nonetheless, peaceful atmosphere, friendliness of people, and green landscape strongly convince me that a small town is the best place for me to live in.	23	25

essay85.txt	2	crime rates can be minimized	Thus, it is clear that CCTVs must be put in all workplace so that crime rates can be minimized.	10	24

essay08.txt	2	technology is very crucial for our lives	In conclusion, although there is no disputing the fact that technology is very crucial for our lives, in can also result in several negative drawbacks.	16	19

essay73.txt	2	Academic textbooks these days are laden with words besides pictures to guide the readers to comprehend better	Academic textbooks these days are laden with words besides pictures to guide the readers to comprehend better.	15	18

essay09.txt	2	if we were to legalize and tax it, the government would make tons of profit and we could start paying off this $16trillion national debt	Imagine if we were to legalize and tax it, the government would make tons of profit and we could start paying off this $16trillion national debt.	7	35

essay09.txt	2	It's a whole lot easier for kids to obtain marijuana as opposed to alcohol or tobacco	It's a whole lot easier for kids to obtain marijuana as opposed to alcohol or tobacco.	23	35

essay24.txt	2	they will know little about the outside life	Moreover, children who play games too much on computer can seriously lack communicating skills, they will know little about the outside life.	6	14

essay06.txt	2	Exercising also helps improve you brain function and your memory	Exercising also helps improve you brain function and your memory.	24	40

essay55.txt	2	its shortfalls are so vital to students' future	It is undeniable that concentrating on one subject can reduce students' pressure and foster the effectiveness in training talents, while its shortfalls are so vital to students' future.	17	19

essay81.txt	2	freedom to express ideas can bring some negative effects	Hence, even though freedom to express ideas can bring some negative effects, I certainly believe that there are many wonderful and beautiful Arts due to the freedom to express ideas and thus, I strongly believe there should be no restrictions on them.	20	21

essay25.txt	2	in some industrial cities , a large proportion of the workers are suffering various breathing problems, such as asthma which can be caused by waste ashes and certain chemical substances	For instance, in some industrial cities , a large proportion of the workers are suffering various breathing problems, such as asthma which can be caused by waste ashes and certain chemical substances.	11	17

essay14.txt	2	they find it quite helpful	Now, many students learn from Internet after class and they find it quite helpful.	4	19

essay52.txt	2	Learning English can foster people's sentiment and nourish their literature and art	Learning English can foster people's sentiment and nourish their literature and art.	9	16

essay77.txt	2	our environment is damaged day by day due to the fact that excessive pursuit of economic development at expense of eco-system, which pose a great threat to the survival of wild animals	There is no denying that our environment is damaged day by day due to the fact that excessive pursuit of economic development at expense of eco-system, which pose a great threat to the survival of wild animals.	4	17

essay32.txt	2	When America mortgage loan system went bad, several economies of European and Asian countries fluctuated, even any countries had to be gotten international supports to block its bankrupt	When America mortgage loan system went bad, several economies of European and Asian countries fluctuated, even any countries had to be gotten international supports to block its bankrupt.	16	19

essay84.txt	2	the public money should be utilized for the benefit of the society and not just for some of them who are not willing to put in more effort to find them a proper work	I strongly believe that the public money should be utilized for the benefit of the society and not just for some of them who are not willing to put in more effort to find them a proper work.	21	22

essay51.txt	2	innovations in agriculture such as mechanized farming and the creations of genetic engineering foods may be the only way to feed the vast number of people in every corner of the world	To begin with, innovations in agriculture such as mechanized farming and the creations of genetic engineering foods may be the only way to feed the vast number of people in every corner of the world.	3	12

essay37.txt	2	It is rare times when people can learn about this country	It is rare times when people can learn about this country.	10	23

essay68.txt	2	It is recently reported in the news that a seventeen-year-old boy killed all his family members, one sister and two parents out of hatred and jealousy	It is recently reported in the news that a seventeen-year-old boy killed all his family members, one sister and two parents out of hatred and jealousy.	8	13

essay09.txt	2	A drug dealer doesn't check for ID like a cashier would	A drug dealer doesn't check for ID like a cashier would.	24	35

essay55.txt	2	students can devote more time and efforts in one subject and reduce pressure from other subjects	This is probably because students can devote more time and efforts in one subject and reduce pressure from other subjects.	13	19

essay47.txt	2	supporters would argue that zoos, which are equipped with modern facilities and professionals, would provide better care for the animals inside	Nevertheless, supporters would argue that zoos, which are equipped with modern facilities and professionals, would provide better care for the animals inside.	9	14

essay06.txt	2	Exercising not only helps prevent cardiovascular diseases, but it also helps prevent strokes, type 2 diabetes, and even certain types of cancer	Exercising not only helps prevent cardiovascular diseases, but it also helps prevent strokes, type 2 diabetes, and even certain types of cancer.	16	40

essay81.txt	2	They might go deeper into certain aspects that can cause controversies in a country	They might go deeper into certain aspects that can cause controversies in a country.	14	21

essay09.txt	2	Legalize marijuana and you cut a huge percent of their profits, army strength, and political power	Legalize marijuana and you cut a huge percent of their profits, army strength, and political power.	16	35

essay59.txt	2	They can make mistakes which can sometimes affect an innocent, circumstantially marred criminals	They can make mistakes which can sometimes affect an innocent, circumstantially marred criminals.	18	26

essay19.txt	2	they often organise traditional music events performed by local or other famous artists that people can attend to and enjoy to some extent	For example, they often organise traditional music events performed by local or other famous artists that people can attend to and enjoy to some extent.	5	14

essay50.txt	2	music is the art which requires special attitude towards it	Hence, I agree with the majority, because music is the art which requires special attitude towards it.	12	20

essay06.txt	2	There is no greater feeling than achieving a weight lose goal and being able to feel good about your body	There is no greater feeling than achieving a weight lose goal and being able to feel good about your body.	32	40

essay42.txt	2	Workers understand they have to work harder to meet the boss' expectations and to make themselves worthwhile	Workers understand they have to work harder to meet the boss' expectations and to make themselves worthwhile.	4	12

essay06.txt	2	It is a crucial element for living a healthier, longer, and happier life	It is a crucial element for living a healthier, longer, and happier life.	6	40

essay06.txt	2	people who exercise have higher self esteem and confidence	There have been studies that show evidence that people who exercise have higher self esteem and confidence.	19	40

essay63.txt	2	along with the high living standard, requirements of quality products in almost restaurants, nowadays, are under severe control and supervision by appropriate authorities	Besides, along with the high living standard, requirements of quality products in almost restaurants, nowadays, are under severe control and supervision by appropriate authorities.	18	22

essay03.txt	2	Without this support and profit from tourism, many traditional cultures would disappear due to its low income works	Without this support and profit from tourism, many traditional cultures would disappear due to its low income works.	9	13

essay11.txt	2	Breathing the country air usually makes a person feel revitalized	Breathing the country air usually makes a person feel revitalized.	9	64

essay49.txt	2	mobile phones and other tools of modern communication facilitate not only contact with friends and relatives in faraway places but also global business	To begin with, mobile phones and other tools of modern communication facilitate not only contact with friends and relatives in faraway places but also global business.	4	14

essay48.txt	2	the joy of learning would not be diminished	However, discussions and interactions should be held via video conferencing frequently so that the joy of learning would not be diminished.	13	14

essay63.txt	2	it is obviously found that there are many solid reasons to support my viewpoint	To sum up, if all those factors are contemplated, it is obviously found that there are many solid reasons to support my viewpoint.	20	22

essay41.txt	2	students might have little idea of the real challenges or the true situation when they enter the workforce after graduation	As a result, students might have little idea of the real challenges or the true situation when they enter the workforce after graduation.	5	11

essay64.txt	2	modern games are developed by game companies for the purpose of profits	By contrast, modern games are developed by game companies for the purpose of profits.	14	18

essay21.txt	2	it is not sufficient in itself	However, it is not sufficient in itself.	3	21

essay74.txt	2	These kinds of languages are usually difficult and unpopular	These kinds of languages are usually difficult and unpopular.	13	18

essay67.txt	2	If the art displays unreality, the public audiences certainly have the acumen to recognise its untruthfulness and only appreciate its art value	If the art displays unreality, the public audiences certainly have the acumen to recognise its untruthfulness and only appreciate its art value; if the art reflects the reality, then what would be the intention to ban it if it was not for covering the dirty truth?	5	12

essay18.txt	2	nowadays women are working in home as well as in the sky	For example, nowadays women are working in home as well as in the sky.	8	24

essay61.txt	2	The recent case of Wikileaks , leaking confidential data is an example of how computers are harmful	The recent case of Wikileaks , leaking confidential data is an example of how computers are harmful.	24	30

essay24.txt	2	computer should be used not only for entertaining but also for working and studying purpose	People should learn how to use it properly to make it an effective tool because computer should be used not only for entertaining but also for working and studying purpose.	13	14

essay37.txt	2	International sporting events are a good change to create a multi-nation community of fans having the same passion	International sporting events are a good change to create a multi-nation community of fans having the same passion.	1	23

essay01.txt	2	During the process of cooperation, children can learn about how to listen to opinions of others, how to communicate with others, how to think comprehensively, and even how to compromise with other team members when conflicts occurred	During the process of cooperation, children can learn about how to listen to opinions of others, how to communicate with others, how to think comprehensively, and even how to compromise with other team members when conflicts occurred.	7	17

essay82.txt	2	Advertisements are, therefore, very important for many businesses to increase sales and hence profits	Advertisements are, therefore, very important for many businesses to increase sales and hence profits.	5	15

essay88.txt	2	The affection from people around brings me cozy feeling on my birthday when I live away from my family	The affection from people around brings me cozy feeling on my birthday when I live away from my family.	16	25

essay56.txt	2	This, in turn, enhances relationship and promotes international business	This, in turn, enhances relationship and promotes international business.	9	20

essay06.txt	2	The main cause for this condition is obesity	The main cause for this condition is obesity.	10	40

essay45.txt	2	this does not mean we should leave alone those who do need assistance	Of course, this does not mean we should leave alone those who do need assistance.	9	14

essay76.txt	2	such people might fail to get cured in time, thus influencing their working efficiency, which would destabilize the production of the industry	As a result, such people might fail to get cured in time, thus influencing their working efficiency, which would destabilize the production of the industry.	6	14

essay10.txt	2	Homosexuality is not a conscious choice; it's something they are born with	Homosexuality is not a conscious choice; it's something they are born with.	14	32

essay75.txt	2	art could play an active role in improving the quality of people's lives	To conclude, art could play an active role in improving the quality of people's lives, but I think that governments should attach heavier weight to other social issues such as education and housing needs because those are the most essential ways enable to make people a decent life.	8	9

essay66.txt	2	with the access to the Internet, one of the greatest innovations in modern society, humankind can acquire the traditional techniques displayed online anytime, anywhere	However, with the access to the Internet, one of the greatest innovations in modern society, humankind can acquire the traditional techniques displayed online anytime, anywhere.	9	18

essay62.txt	2	This kind of gender biased approach is detrimental for the development of the society	This kind of gender biased approach is detrimental for the development of the society.	15	23

essay79.txt	2	arts can enrich people's cultural lives	Individually, arts can enrich people's cultural lives.	9	19

essay85.txt	2	they will less likely steal from the shops	Not only that, as the employees know that they are under constant surveillance, they will less likely steal from the shops.	9	24

essay10.txt	2	just like women deserve to vote, they should be allowed to get married	They deserve to have their civil rights fulfilled, just like women deserve to vote, they should be allowed to get married.	22	32

essay86.txt	2	The essential social capabilities such as communication skills, teamwork, leadership and time management are gradually cultivated with group workshops and various kinds of social activities in universities	The essential social capabilities such as communication skills, teamwork, leadership and time management are gradually cultivated with group workshops and various kinds of social activities in universities.	8	13

essay45.txt	2	the government should provide help for the disadvantaged people	In conclusion, my point of view is that, although the government should provide help for the disadvantaged people, direct financial support may not be a wise option and people should rely on themselves to get out of the adversity.	13	14

essay06.txt	2	it's one hundred percent beneficial	It is one of the most important things in life and it's one hundred percent beneficial.	35	40

essay09.txt	2	those substances are way more harmful than cannabis	But then you'd have to explain why alcohol and tobacco are legal because those substances are way more harmful than cannabis.	19	35

essay68.txt	2	we are inclined to take extreme approach to tackle a small problem due to excessive violence exposure	In the real world, we are inclined to take extreme approach to tackle a small problem due to excessive violence exposure.	9	13

essay89.txt	2	it is common in books that water boils at 100 Celcius degree	To cite an example, it is common in books that water boils at 100 Celcius degree.	8	24

essay82.txt	2	more good comes from advertising than bad	In conclusion, after analyzing the pros and cons of advertising, both of the views have strong support, but it is felt that more good comes from advertising than bad.	13	15

essay37.txt	2	People can understand more about a country	People can understand more about a country, it is useful to ease tensions between nations.	6	23

essay40.txt	2	doing extra jobs helps student with money for their accommodation	Lastly, doing extra jobs helps student with money for their accommodation.	12	19

essay24.txt	2	it is undeniable that computer is a crucial part of human life	In conclusion, although it is undeniable that computer is a crucial part of human life, it still has its bad side, especially for children.	12	14

essay75.txt	2	the pursuit of art seems unimportant at all	By comparison to these issues, the pursuit of art seems unimportant at all.	7	9

essay47.txt	2	it is the right of wild species to live in a environment away from human beings	To begin with, it is the right of wild species to live in a environment away from human beings.	3	14

essay18.txt	2	They prefer male staff for night shifts	They prefer male staff for night shifts.	16	24

essay90.txt	2	Taking into the growth of their children into consideration, the married workers may believe the educational resources in cities are far superior to ones in the countryside	Taking into the growth of their children into consideration, the married workers may believe the educational resources in cities are far superior to ones in the countryside, and because of this, they probably opt for living in the cities.	11	20

essay18.txt	2	in present time women must do such type of work only	They still believe that in present time women must do such type of work only.	4	24

essay82.txt	2	they can compare them and then have a better decision in choosing their internet or mobile phone plans	For example, customers of telecommunication services will have an idea about the current offers of different companies and hence they can compare them and then have a better decision in choosing their internet or mobile phone plans.	7	15

essay36.txt	2	most violent crimes are related to the abuse of guns, especially in some countries where guns are available for people	Secondly, most violent crimes are related to the abuse of guns, especially in some countries where guns are available for people.	9	17

essay55.txt	2	concentrating on one subject can reduce students' pressure and foster the effectiveness in training talents	It is undeniable that concentrating on one subject can reduce students' pressure and foster the effectiveness in training talents, while its shortfalls are so vital to students' future.	17	19

essay23.txt	2	Speaking loudly on the phone in public areas, such as schools, libraries and hospitals appears to be very impolite and offensive	Speaking loudly on the phone in public areas, such as schools, libraries and hospitals appears to be very impolite and offensive.	6	19

essay08.txt	2	its advantages clearly outweigh its disadvantages	However, I strongly believe that its advantages clearly outweigh its disadvantages, and that it can contribute greatly to the development of the world.	17	19

essay21.txt	2	The story delivers a desired call to drink that soft drink that people tend to drink when the weather is too hot	The story delivers a desired call to drink that soft drink that people tend to drink when the weather is too hot.	10	21

essay10.txt	2	It is hypocritical to not allow same sex marriage to occur when it appeals to a large growing group of people	It is hypocritical to not allow same sex marriage to occur when it appeals to a large growing group of people.	28	32

essay26.txt	2	cooked food can bring about some negative influence result from utilizing the artificial ingredients, ignoring the nutrition of food and modifying people's eating habits	However it is obvious that cooked food can bring about some negative influence result from utilizing the artificial ingredients, ignoring the nutrition of food and modifying people's eating habits.	2	16

essay12.txt	2	drugs induce immense physical damage and when it is overdosed drugs can lead to death	As everyone knows, drugs induce immense physical damage and when it is overdosed drugs can lead to death.	17	33

essay73.txt	2	it is also another way of communication that is commonly used	Nevertheless, the importance of written word can never be denied as it is also another way of communication that is commonly used.	3	18

essay61.txt	2	with all the mentioned demerits, computers have provided security and sophistication too	Nevertheless, with all the mentioned demerits, computers have provided security and sophistication too.	25	30

essay76.txt	2	without sufficient guidance of teachers, these citizens might misbehave or even commit crimes, posing a threat to other citizens' security	Also, without sufficient guidance of teachers, these citizens might misbehave or even commit crimes, posing a threat to other citizens' security.	7	14

essay37.txt	2	International sporting events will draw the international concern	In conclusion, International sporting events will draw the international concern.	21	23

essay16.txt	2	if there are no animals in the world, the balance of nature will broke down, and we, human, will die out as well	First of all, as we all know, animals are friendly and vital for people, because if there are no animals in the world, the balance of nature will broke down, and we, human, will die out as well.	4	13

essay22.txt	2	there are a number of chances through internships, deeper discussion, independent life, and exchange scholarships	Another significant factor of universities is that diverse experiences in the campus life can make the young generation more competently because there are a number of chances through internships, deeper discussion, independent life, and exchange scholarships.	11	14

essay84.txt	2	the money can be used to build more amenities for the public or given to the poor	To illustrate this further, the money can be used to build more amenities for the public or given to the poor so that they can use it to help them earn a living.	12	22

essay53.txt	2	cows and other milch animals for yielding milk from them	Human being has driven many animals for their personal use such as, cows and other milch animals for yielding milk from them.	5	18

essay48.txt	2	students are able to apply for online-courses provided by top-of-the-range universities and colleges worldwide	Now, however, students are able to apply for online-courses provided by top-of-the-range universities and colleges worldwide.	5	14

essay81.txt	2	they will produce some really marvelous masterpiece	I however, agree to this only to a certain extent and believe that the artists must be given freedom so that they will produce some really marvelous masterpiece.	3	21

essay23.txt	2	a more efficient and reliable system can also be invented to guarantee the private information of users	But a more efficient and reliable system can also be invented to guarantee the private information of users.	14	19

essay45.txt	2	They are already in reverse circumstances and it would be rather difficult for them to overcome the difficulties without external support	They are already in reverse circumstances and it would be rather difficult for them to overcome the difficulties without external support.	10	14

essay72.txt	2	we are human beings and we learn from our mistakes	After all, we are human beings and we learn from our mistakes.	19	22

essay88.txt	2	city life has its own advantages	In conclusion, I would concede that city life has its own advantages.	22	25

essay06.txt	2	it's also a mental activity	Most people think of exercising as only being a physical activity, but it's also a mental activity.	18	40

essay25.txt	2	the estate industry will be boosted in order to satisfy the workers' accommodation need	For example, the estate industry will be boosted in order to satisfy the workers' accommodation need.	8	17

essay68.txt	2	they regard the violence as reasonable and justifiable	This will definitely set a bad example for the immature audiences who, lacking correct parental guidance and abilities to differentiate the right from wrong, are prone to go astray by imitating the violent behaviours and committing real violent crimes as they regard the violence as reasonable and justifiable.	3	13

essay89.txt	2	Experiencing a thing and drawing information from it is really interesting and helpful	Experiencing a thing and drawing information from it is really interesting and helpful.	23	24

essay73.txt	2	images are also widely used in newspapers, magazines and advertisements	Apart from that, images are also widely used in newspapers, magazines and advertisements.	9	18

essay13.txt	2	there would still be several customers that prefer to talk with an agent in completing their purchase of a ticket	But of course, there would still be several customers that prefer to talk with an agent in completing their purchase of a ticket.	6	13

essay11.txt	2	Perhaps it is the fresh smoke, the clean air or just the fact that a camper's senses are heightened	Perhaps it is the fresh smoke, the clean air or just the fact that a camper's senses are heightened.	49	64

essay21.txt	2	the number of that product being sold will increases	As a result of this, the number of that product being sold will increases.	11	21

essay26.txt	2	it is crucial for our health and culture	Cooking is not a waste of time, contrarily, it is crucial for our health and culture.	15	16

essay58.txt	2	co-operative approach will save time, energy and will have a higher success rate	In the same way, co-operative approach will save time, energy and will have a higher success rate.	10	30

essay56.txt	2	studying abroad is easy and becomes hot among youngsters	Thus, studying abroad is easy and becomes hot among youngsters.	7	20

essay85.txt	2	at some offices, employees are often required to handle angry or frustrated customers	Furthermore, at some offices, employees are often required to handle angry or frustrated customers.	11	24

essay74.txt	2	it is a pride of the country with a rage of culture which is easy to educate people to love their country more	What is more, it is a pride of the country with a rage of culture which is easy to educate people to love their country more.	9	18

essay65.txt	2	an uneducated person may barely appreciate musicals	As a matter of fact, an uneducated person may barely appreciate musicals, whereas a physical damaged person, resulting from the lack of medical treatment, may no longer participate in any sports games.	5	16

essay64.txt	2	communicating with a variety of people will not be an issue for these children any more	As a result, communicating with a variety of people will not be an issue for these children any more.	11	18

essay35.txt	2	They introduce new products, and provide various choices	They introduce new products, and provide various choices, not to mention they are often visually enjoyable, since they aim to grab your attention.	10	15

essay68.txt	2	violence in the media is often portrayed as extreme as possible in order to attract audiences	Obviously, violence in the media is often portrayed as extreme as possible in order to attract audiences.	2	13

essay87.txt	2	such an argument may restrict the real necessity of automobiles	Nevertheless, such an argument may restrict the real necessity of automobiles.	10	19

essay19.txt	2	museums such as art and music can offer people with a wide range of entertainment activities	Firstly, museums such as art and music can offer people with a wide range of entertainment activities.	4	14

essay60.txt	2	a break will give students some time to refresh their systems, by travelling or following their hobbies	Personally, a break will give students some time to refresh their systems, by travelling or following their hobbies.	7	27

essay55.txt	2	the drawbacks of this teaching method cannot be neglected	However, the drawbacks of this teaching method cannot be neglected.	14	19

essay13.txt	2	We still need the personal touch of a human in each and everything that technology or computer could offer us	We still need the personal touch of a human in each and everything that technology or computer could offer us.	12	13

essay39.txt	2	In spite of costing a fortune, space exploration has given aforementioned benefits	In spite of costing a fortune, space exploration has given aforementioned benefits.	17	18

essay59.txt	2	capital punishment curbs the inspiration and prospects of other hateful crimes	Moreover, capital punishment curbs the inspiration and prospects of other hateful crimes.	11	26

essay11.txt	2	Campers need to think out their meals thoroughly prior to making a trip	Campers need to think out their meals thoroughly prior to making a trip.	46	64

essay89.txt	2	many people can read and understand the content	In my experience, information contained in books is usually put in criteria so that many people can read and understand the content.	12	24

essay12.txt	2	privacy will be invaded not only at school, so students have to accept it	Like it or not, privacy will be invaded not only at school, so students have to accept it.	32	33

essay84.txt	2	when hand phones are provided for free, many would want to take advantage of this opportunity	Furthermore, when hand phones are provided for free, many would want to take advantage of this opportunity.	14	22

essay56.txt	2	communication between countries and cultures become convenient	To begin with, communication between countries and cultures become convenient.	5	20

essay54.txt	2	modern technology has provided a more convenient and comfortable manner for people to watch exhibitions	In conclusion, I admit that modern technology has provided a more convenient and comfortable manner for people to watch exhibitions, but museums and art galleries are necessary to be preserved for its importance of education and culture.	10	11

essay65.txt	2	putting taxpayers' money on building theaters or sports stadiums is unfair to those who cannot use them	Furthermore, putting taxpayers' money on building theaters or sports stadiums is unfair to those who cannot use them.	11	16

essay05.txt	2	One who is living overseas will of course struggle with loneliness, living away from family and friends	One who is living overseas will of course struggle with loneliness, living away from family and friends but those difficulties will turn into valuable experiences in the following steps of life.	7	14

essay15.txt	2	people compose a message with only emoticons (the expressions by face created by service providers)	Even in some cases, people compose a message with only emoticons (the expressions by face created by service providers), which means there is no room for writing or typing texts.	14	19

essay36.txt	2	we hear some news from time to time that someone was hurt by accident during the hunting	For example, we hear some news from time to time that someone was hurt by accident during the hunting.	7	17

essay18.txt	2	They are not ready to be bound in certain limitations	They are not ready to be bound in certain limitations.	21	24

essay54.txt	2	authentic exhibits cannot be completely displayed only by images and videos	First of all, authentic exhibits cannot be completely displayed only by images and videos.	7	11

essay30.txt	2	this will make both the parents and students in charge for their future themselves not just depend on the government to do all their responsibilities for them	In conclusion, I completely agree that government should not pay for the university fees because this will make both the parents and students in charge for their future themselves not just depend on the government to do all their responsibilities for them.	10	11

essay03.txt	2	international tourism promotes many aspects of the destination country’s economy in order to serve various demands of tourists	Firstly, international tourism promotes many aspects of the destination country’s economy in order to serve various demands of tourists.	3	13

essay85.txt	2	in Malaysia, policemen used the videos captured by the CCTV cameras to trace and successfully catch a group of robbers who broke into a Seven Eleven shop during the midnight	To illustrate this further, in Malaysia, policemen used the videos captured by the CCTV cameras to trace and successfully catch a group of robbers who broke into a Seven Eleven shop during the midnight.	8	24

essay18.txt	2	the current job market affects the decision of universities	However, the current job market affects the decision of universities.	12	24

essay50.txt	2	In our hectic life, however, demand is not for musically orientated students, but for academically developed employees	In our hectic life, however, demand is not for musically orientated students, but for academically developed employees.	11	20

essay86.txt	2	it can be seen that universities produce a great many of talents with outstanding teaching and advance the progress of human society with achievements in scientific research	In conclusion, it can be seen that universities produce a great many of talents with outstanding teaching and advance the progress of human society with achievements in scientific research.	11	13

essay12.txt	2	Without the use of drugs, school security will increase dramatically	Without the use of drugs, school security will increase dramatically.	20	33

essay62.txt	2	both must be given equal opportunities	However, since both genders are equally important, both must be given equal opportunities.	3	23

essay73.txt	2	the primary way of educating students is also by this way	Furthermore, the primary way of educating students is also by this way.	14	18

essay22.txt	2	higher education does not guarantee young students' success	Although higher education does not guarantee young students' success, the benefits of learning in universities are the vital factor in creating more possibilities for the development of society through advancing academic fulfillment and the young generation who have experiences and challenges.	13	14

essay16.txt	2	animals are friendly and vital for people	First of all, as we all know, animals are friendly and vital for people, because if there are no animals in the world, the balance of nature will broke down, and we, human, will die out as well.	4	13

essay82.txt	2	advertising is carried out with the main purpose of promoting different products and services or encouraging people to consume more	First, it is generally understood that advertising is carried out with the main purpose of promoting different products and services or encouraging people to consume more.	4	15

essay87.txt	2	Due to the increasing number of petrol stations, the competition in this field is more and more fierce	Due to the increasing number of petrol stations, the competition in this field is more and more fierce, thus the price of petrol could be lower in the future.	6	19

essay41.txt	2	they tend to have greater imagination, which can be essentially helpful when they are making a new advertisement or slogan	In addition, the younger generations can help them generate new ideas as the students are not bound to restricted workload and they tend to have greater imagination, which can be essentially helpful when they are making a new advertisement or slogan.	8	11

essay76.txt	2	the government should give priority to more pressing problems related to social members' wellbeing, such as soaring crime rate, AIDS epidemic or the shortage of infrastructure, which are requiring financial resources from the government to address	Instead, the government should give priority to more pressing problems related to social members' wellbeing, such as soaring crime rate, AIDS epidemic or the shortage of infrastructure, which are requiring financial resources from the government to address.	10	14

essay10.txt	2	it's no one else's business if two men or two women want to get married	Same sex marriage should be legal for a number of reasons, a few being, it's no one else's business if two men or two women want to get married, not allowing them to marry makes them seem inferior, and it rids them of their civil rights.	3	32

essay81.txt	2	they were not restricted during those times	For example, paintings by Da Vinci and Michallengo are admired even till now as they were not restricted during those times.	6	21

essay11.txt	2	No matter if the camping is experienced in a tent or in a luxury camper, getting outside, in the wilderness can provide a lifetime of memories	No matter if the camping is experienced in a tent or in a luxury camper, getting outside, in the wilderness can provide a lifetime of memories.	62	64

essay88.txt	2	many people in urban areas even do not know the names of their neighbors	In my experience, many people in urban areas even do not know the names of their neighbors.	13	25

essay67.txt	2	adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents	I absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents; however, in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide – these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art.	10	12

essay63.txt	2	it is quite easy to have a nutritious meal with guaranteed quality, but do not waste a lot of time	Consequently, it is quite easy to have a nutritious meal with guaranteed quality, but do not waste a lot of time.	19	22

essay37.txt	2	all fans know that a sport event will attract the attention of whole the world and a lot of public media	Moreover, all fans know that a sport event will attract the attention of whole the world and a lot of public media.	15	23

essay32.txt	2	It not only raises the notice the meaning of harmony and love, but also be a good chance to learn humane doctrine of globalization	It not only raises the notice the meaning of harmony and love, but also be a good chance to learn humane doctrine of globalization.	13	19

essay72.txt	2	all the efforts of putting them behind bars are simply in vain	As such, all the efforts of putting them behind bars are simply in vain.	9	22

essay40.txt	2	working conditions require students the independency in thinking, working, and solving problems, which is greatly helpful when the characteristic is applied to tackle subjects in their universities	Also, working conditions require students the independency in thinking, working, and solving problems, which is greatly helpful when the characteristic is applied to tackle subjects in their universities.	11	19

essay10.txt	2	Just like you didn't choose who you love, neither did they	Just like you didn't choose who you love, neither did they.	15	32

essay45.txt	2	Spending them on helping those not make contribution to society would not sound fair to tax payers	Spending them on helping those not make contribution to society would not sound fair to tax payers.	5	14

essay07.txt	2	when taking environment into consideration, people must conceive that the more newspapers are published, the more trees are cut down	Last, but not least, when taking environment into consideration, people must conceive that the more newspapers are published, the more trees are cut down.	14	19

essay65.txt	2	it is a bit inappropriate to use the majority of citizens' tax funds to meet a minority of people's needs	Therefore, it is a bit inappropriate to use the majority of citizens' tax funds to meet a minority of people's needs.	13	16

essay34.txt	2	schools offer to students a good environment with experienced professors and high quality programs for studying	First of all, schools offer to students a good environment with experienced professors and high quality programs for studying.	4	18

essay61.txt	2	They are used in space programmes , wars, hospitals, schools and so on	They are used in space programmes , wars, hospitals, schools and so on.	8	30

essay11.txt	2	Camping has something for everyone	Camping has something for everyone.	63	64

essay34.txt	2	children can learn social skills when they have a job	Furthermore, children can learn social skills when they have a job.	12	18

essay62.txt	2	The whole world aims for women empowerment	The whole world aims for women empowerment, and to achieve this, females should be given equal opportunities as males.	6	23

essay10.txt	2	Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof	In the book The Constitution of the United States of America The Bicentennial keepsake edition, the first amendment provides that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ...." (51) The fact that it's in the bible should not dictate the laws against same sex couples becoming wed.	25	32

essay74.txt	2	If they do not try their best, their protection can be halted and waste of money	If they do not try their best, their protection can be halted and waste of money.	15	18

essay07.txt	2	The answer, perhaps, is that hardly would rational people do so	The answer, perhaps, is that hardly would rational people do so.	12	19

essay18.txt	2	They are acting as a good housewife and they are flying planes also	They are acting as a good housewife and they are flying planes also.	9	24

essay54.txt	2	they lack of physical exercise and face-to-face communication	However, in accordance with recent research, experts suggest the lifestyle of individuals in modern society is unhealthy because they lack of physical exercise and face-to-face communication.	5	11

essay25.txt	2	the factory is not isolated, other industries and business will be quickly established, resulting in economic growth of local area	What is more, the factory is not isolated, other industries and business will be quickly established, resulting in economic growth of local area.	7	17

essay71.txt	2	A recent study shows that after launching an advertising campaign, the sales revenue would increase by 40%, which is the very fact to verify its positive influences on economic	A recent study shows that after launching an advertising campaign, the sales revenue would increase by 40%, which is the very fact to verify its positive influences on economic.	8	15

essay10.txt	2	They deserve to have their civil rights fulfilled	They deserve to have their civil rights fulfilled, just like women deserve to vote, they should be allowed to get married.	22	32

essay05.txt	2	the one will learn living without depending on anyone else	Moreover, the one will learn living without depending on anyone else.	8	14

essay06.txt	2	when you're exercising you're bringing more oxygen into you lungs and your brain appreciates the extra air	Plus, when you're exercising you're bringing more oxygen into you lungs and your brain appreciates the extra air.	23	40

essay09.txt	2	Not to mention it would create tons of jobs and people in prison for marijuana crimes would be released	Not to mention it would create tons of jobs and people in prison for marijuana crimes would be released.	8	35

essay88.txt	2	This is likely to adversely affect their mental health	This is likely to adversely affect their mental health.	9	25

essay90.txt	2	they probably opt for living in the cities	Taking into the growth of their children into consideration, the married workers may believe the educational resources in cities are far superior to ones in the countryside, and because of this, they probably opt for l
essay80.txt	2	zoos play an important role in reserving many breeds of animal and preventing them from being missing from life	Also, zoos play an important role in reserving many breeds of animal and preventing them from being missing from life.	12	17

essay78.txt	2	the environmental problems can be effectively alleviated in these areas	On the other hand, I suppose the developed countries should support the underdeveloped areas by providing financial resources, technologies and experience so that the environmental problems can be effectively alleviated in these areas.	17	18

essay27.txt	2	they rarely provide local residents with any technological aid and even cause contamination in some areas	Indeed, they rarely provide local residents with any technological aid and even cause contamination in some areas.	11	15

essay12.txt	2	If the school is safe, students will no be frightened or strained	If the school is safe, students will no be frightened or strained.	21	33

essay12.txt	2	Last year on April 16th the most deadly school shooting in U.S. history occurred	Last year on April 16th the most deadly school shooting in U.S. history occurred.	12	33

essay12.txt	2	Privacy is a small price to pay for security against drugs and weapons	Privacy is a small price to pay for security against drugs and weapons.	31	33

essay09.txt	2	A significant amount of those criminals are in there for drug related crimes	A significant amount of those criminals are in there for drug related crimes.	10	35

essay28.txt	2	these kind of ads will have negative effect to our children	Because these kind of ads will have negative effect to our children.	8	19

essay69.txt	2	they may be successful businessmen, they join the political world, they become scientists and so on	Women nowadays are much more active, they may be successful businessmen, they join the political world, they become scientists and so on.	6	15

essay74.txt	2	languages, especially oral language, are a quite major part of culture of a country	First and foremost, it is easy to realize that languages, especially oral language, are a quite major part of culture of a country.	5	18

essay16.txt	2	The new foods or medicines are invented to promote the quantity of human's life	The new foods or medicines are invented to promote the quantity of human's life.	9	13

essay04.txt	2	This was due to the lack of adequate controls by authorities and lead to a bad image of Thailand tourism	This was due to the lack of adequate controls by authorities and lead to a bad image of Thailand tourism.	5	13

essay52.txt	2	English is a beautiful language, which is more systematical and extensive than many other languages	In addition, English is a beautiful language, which is more systematical and extensive than many other languages.	8	16

essay44.txt	2	there is a lot of water shortage to generate electricity	Although there is a lot of water shortage to generate electricity many countries still rely only on this source.	5	16

essay38.txt	2	With the development of Internet, we can enjoy the pleasure and conveniences which it brings about for us every day	With the development of Internet, we can enjoy the pleasure and conveniences which it brings about for us every day.	10	19

essay11.txt	2	When this resistance is put aside, these bonds will be renewed	When this resistance is put aside, these bonds will be renewed.	41	64

essay60.txt	2	Students can also indulge in smoking or drinking during this time	Students can also indulge in smoking or drinking during this time.	19	27

essay11.txt	2	"country air" is often used to describe clean, healthy air	The phrase "city air" often is thought as air that is polluted, while "country air" is often used to describe clean, healthy air.	8	64

essay71.txt	2	its merits still outweigh these downsides	Yet, its merits still outweigh these downsides.	11	15

essay11.txt	2	Taking a simple walk around the campsite, the camper can encounter these people and hear the most amazing stories	Taking a simple walk around the campsite, the camper can encounter these people and hear the most amazing stories.	53	64

essay55.txt	2	Teenagers are still too young and immature to decide what they are going to dedicate	Teenagers are still too young and immature to decide what they are going to dedicate.	8	19

essay36.txt	2	in American, young adults and even juveniles can get access to guns, which leads to the tragedies of school gun shooting	Take an example, in American, young adults and even juveniles can get access to guns, which leads to the tragedies of school gun shooting.	11	17

essay07.txt	2	Contrary to the past when people had to wait long hours to take a daily newspaper, nowadays, they can acquire latest news updated every second through their mobile phones or computers connected to the internet, everywhere and at anytime	Contrary to the past when people had to wait long hours to take a daily newspaper, nowadays, they can acquire latest news updated every second through their mobile phones or computers connected to the internet, everywhere and at anytime.	6	19

essay10.txt	2	A common married couple gets benefits on health, gets to make decisions that are best for their spouse in extreme cases, and gets to inherit their spouse's belongings in death	A common married couple gets benefits on health, gets to make decisions that are best for their spouse in extreme cases, and gets to inherit their spouse's belongings in death.	11	32

essay11.txt	2	A condo will cost the family $491 more than a campsite	A condo will cost the family $491 more than a campsite.	20	64

essay18.txt	2	employers need male candidates for the heavy work such as repairing and installation of heavy machine	For instance employers need male candidates for the heavy work such as repairing and installation of heavy machine.	15	24

essay71.txt	2	publicizing brand image or a particular product of mass media could boost sales for companies	Besides, it is obvious that publicizing brand image or a particular product of mass media could boost sales for companies.	6	15

essay62.txt	2	a healthy competitive environment will develop	When universities will accept them in equal number, both genders will be able to nurture their talent and a healthy competitive environment will develop.	7	23

essay29.txt	2	employment discrimination based on gender have been erased significantly	Personally, I believe that married women nowadays have right to take up jobs like men when employment discrimination based on gender have been erased significantly.	2	16

essay11.txt	2	There are usually no video games being played, no soccer practice to drive to, and no business projects to worry about	There are usually no video games being played, no soccer practice to drive to, and no business projects to worry about.	38	64

essay56.txt	2	It's neither to get a translated version of these articles, nor to always have a translator besides	It's neither to get a translated version of these articles, nor to always have a translator besides.	12	20

essay52.txt	2	In the ancient time, the different languages and geography set barriers for people to exchange their goods and ideas	In the ancient time, the different languages and geography set barriers for people to exchange their goods and ideas.	5	16

essay60.txt	2	When students work during these breaks, the feel of money gives them an illusion that such salary is enough for them	When students work during these breaks, the feel of money gives them an illusion that such salary is enough for them and they go in a utopia.	16	27

essay10.txt	2	it rids them of their civil rights	Same sex marriage should be legal for a number of reasons, a few being, it's no one else's business if two men or two women want to get married, not allowing them to marry makes them seem inferior, and it rids them of their civil rights.	3	32

essay82.txt	2	this is generally known as spam, and causes discomfort or even annoyance to many people	Firstly, a huge amount of different advertisements could be sent automatically by a system to personal phones or email addresses, this is generally known as spam, and causes discomfort or even annoyance to many people.	10	15

essay62.txt	2	both genders are equally important	However, since both genders are equally important, both must be given equal opportunities.	3	23

essay61.txt	2	There is no end to the evolution of computers	There is no end to the evolution of computers.	17	30

essay85.txt	2	face-to-face interactions with an annoyed customer can put the employee in physical danger	At times, face-to-face interactions with an annoyed customer can put the employee in physical danger.	12	24

essay30.txt	2	the students will become more independent	In addition to that, the students will become more independent and it will build their characters in the marketplace as well.	8	11

essay68.txt	2	media, such as TV or film, is considered as the correct information source regulated by the government	On the other hand, media, such as TV or film, is considered as the correct information source regulated by the government.	4	13

essay50.txt	2	students are to develop their professional skills by learning occupation-related subjects, rather than playing on guitar or singing a song	To my mind, students are to develop their professional skills by learning occupation-related subjects, rather than playing on guitar or singing a song.	16	20

essay47.txt	2	the wild species would suffer from isolation and depression	As a result, the wild species would suffer from isolation and depression.	7	14

essay89.txt	2	knowledge from books is widely accepted	In conclusion, I would concede that knowledge from books is widely accepted.	21	24

essay25.txt	2	To manufacture goods, there must be the demand of laborers, from which the local residents can benefit	To manufacture goods, there must be the demand of laborers, from which the local residents can benefit.	6	17

essay14.txt	2	they contend that good television programmes do teach students	Moreover, they contend that good television programmes do teach students.	13	19

essay50.txt	2	students, who spend a great deal of their time studying different academic subjects should have an opportunity to cope with the stress gained during school time	I have an impression that students, who spend a great deal of their time studying different academic subjects should have an opportunity to cope with the stress gained during school time.	5	20

essay05.txt	2	those difficulties will turn into valuable experiences in the following steps of life	One who is living overseas will of course struggle with loneliness, living away from family and friends but those difficulties will turn into valuable experiences in the following steps of life.	7	14

essay21.txt	2	When the consumers are impressed by the way a product is advertised, they can be convinced to consider that the product is a need in some cases	When the consumers are impressed by the way a product is advertised, they can be convinced to consider that the product is a need in some cases.	8	21

essay31.txt	2	it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants	Since automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air, the air gets to be polluted and it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants.	6	21

essay61.txt	2	From a computer as big as a room, it has now been minimized to the size of a palm	From a computer as big as a room, it has now been minimized to the size of a palm.	14	30

essay68.txt	2	Violence, as one of the facts in the real world, certainly has to be reported	Violence, as one of the facts in the real world, certainly has to be reported.	6	13

essay11.txt	2	the air within homes and other buildings can be more seriously polluted than the outdoor air in even the largest and most industrialized cities	The same article goes on to state "In the last several years, a growing body of scientific evidence has indicated that the air within homes and other buildings can be more seriously polluted than the outdoor air in even the largest and most industrialized cities."	6	64

essay81.txt	2	Allowing them to think freely will give them an opportunity to express themselves as ideas can naturally flow when there are no limitations	Allowing them to think freely will give them an opportunity to express themselves as ideas can naturally flow when there are no limitations.	19	21

essay63.txt	2	Even they have some spare time, they prefer to go out with friends to relax and relieve the pressure from work and study	Even they have some spare time, they prefer to go out with friends to relax and relieve the pressure from work and study.	13	22

essay38.txt	2	In the past time, we had to spend a lot of time searching information and waiting for letters of our friends who lived far away from us	In the past time, we had to spend a lot of time searching information and waiting for letters of our friends who lived far away from us.	11	19

essay56.txt	2	researchers, especially those who work on high-tech, would have wider range of references if they are good at English	Furthermore, researchers, especially those who work on high-tech, would have wider range of references if they are good at English.	10	20

essay22.txt	2	the labor market for highly educated students is now too competitive to get a job after finishing their studying	What is worse, the labor market for highly educated students is now too competitive to get a job after finishing their studying.	6	14

essay28.txt	2	advertising cigarettes and alcohol will definitely affect our children in negative way	Ads will keep as well informed about new products and services, but we should also bear in mind that advertising cigarettes and alcohol will definitely affect our children in negative way.	18	19

essay63.txt	2	they find hard to have time to prepare and cook a meal	Thus, they find hard to have time to prepare and cook a meal.	12	22

essay36.txt	2	the fewer guns possessed, the fewer accidents would happened	So the fewer guns possessed, the fewer accidents would happened, our surroundings would be safer with lower accident rates.	8	17

essay38.txt	2	Nowadays, we can talk with our friends online, no matter where we are and how far between us	Nowadays, we can talk with our friends online, no matter where we are and how far between us.	12	19

essay15.txt	2	there is no room for writing or typing texts	Even in some cases, people compose a message with only emoticons (the expressions by face created by service providers), which means there is no room for writing or typing texts.	14	19

essay05.txt	2	Becoming successful in this study will give the student an edge in job market	Becoming successful in this study will give the student an edge in job market.	10	14

essay89.txt	2	there is an increased likelihood that he neither remembers the necessary information for a long time nor knows how to do an make an experiment	Nevertheless, there is an increased likelihood that he neither remembers the necessary information for a long time nor knows how to do an make an experiment.	17	24

essay68.txt	2	It should be reporting and reflecting true phenomenon in the society	It should be reporting and reflecting true phenomenon in the society.	5	13

essay18.txt	2	Our youth has become very confident towards his career	Our youth has become very confident towards his career.	20	24

essay08.txt	2	With the invention of computers and the Internet, we now can get easy access to all kinds of information	With the invention of computers and the Internet, we now can get easy access to all kinds of information.	6	19

essay33.txt	2	it leads to increasing the pace of scientific and economic promotions of the entire world	Developing globalization, people can have more access to many natural resources of the world and it leads to increasing the pace of scientific and economic promotions of the entire world.	7	12

essay82.txt	2	a huge amount of different advertisements could be sent automatically by a system to personal phones or email addresses	Firstly, a huge amount of different advertisements could be sent automatically by a system to personal phones or email addresses, this is generally known as spam, and causes discomfort or even annoyance to many people.	10	15

essay62.txt	2	Co-education helps both genders to gel well with each other	Co-education helps both genders to gel well with each other.	8	23

essay39.txt	2	a picture of planet earth proved that the earth is round, not flat	For instance, a picture of planet earth proved that the earth is round, not flat.	6	18

essay53.txt	2	And above all pleasure hunting of defenseless animals	And above all pleasure hunting of defenseless animals.	15	18

essay54.txt	2	the best method to learn one thing is to experience it	It is like travelling to a place is much better than viewing the landscape of that place on TV or photos, so the best method to learn one thing is to experience it.	8	11

essay69.txt	2	children might enjoy less care from parents as they arre both busy with theit work	Also, children might enjoy less care from parents as they arre both busy with theit work.	12	15

essay61.txt	2	in earlier days , if one had to send a message to someone in other country, it used to take months	For example, in earlier days , if one had to send a message to someone in other country, it used to take months.	10	30

essay85.txt	2	In the event of an argument, the videotapes can used to determine what actually took place and further actions can be then taken	In the event of an argument, the videotapes can used to determine what actually took place and further actions can be then taken.	14	24

essay82.txt	2	both of the views have strong support	In conclusion, after analyzing the pros and cons of advertising, both of the views have strong support, but it is felt that more good comes from advertising than bad.	13	15

essay31.txt	2	the air gets to be polluted	Since automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air, the air gets to be polluted and it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants.	6	21

essay61.txt	2	today, it can be sent in few minutes by typing a email and few clicks	But today, it can be sent in few minutes by typing a email and few clicks.	11	30

essay31.txt	2	traffic congestion irritates drivers	What is worse, traffic congestion irritates drivers and as a result, it leads to an increase of traffic accidents.	10	21

essay28.txt	2	In order to promote the country's attractions, the Czech government has to advertise and sell its services to foreign consumers	In order to promote the country's attractions, the Czech government has to advertise and sell its services to foreign consumers.	15	19

essay62.txt	2	Co-education will help to eradicate this kind of demerit in both	Co-education will help to eradicate this kind of demerit in both.	12	23

essay32.txt	2	Now that it has became strong economy country aiding poor countries after 10 years of aid from other counties	Now that it has became strong economy country aiding poor countries after 10 years of aid from other counties.	10	19

essay88.txt	2	peaceful atmosphere is attractive	First and foremost, peaceful atmosphere is attractive.	7	25

essay21.txt	2	advertisers push the limits of creativity to dispose the consumers to purchase the product	Therefore, advertisers push the limits of creativity to dispose the consumers to purchase the product.	7	21

essay56.txt	2	For them, language obstacle is no longer a problem, which results in mutual understanding and trust between their mother land and the host country	For them, language obstacle is no longer a problem, which results in mutual understanding and trust between their mother land and the host country.	8	20

essay04.txt	2	many marine lives have been endangered, in the extremes part of the reef become uninhabitable for these marine species	For this reason, many marine lives have been endangered, in the extremes part of the reef become uninhabitable for these marine species.	9	13

essay78.txt	2	they have to rely on natural resources to maintain their living standards	As these needy countries lack adequate financial and human resources, advanced technologies and experience, they have to rely on natural resources to maintain their living standards.	5	18

essay80.txt	2	they should have the right of having freedom	First, critics of zoology argue that keeping animals in captivity is wrong because animals should be considered non-human persons and they should have the right of having freedom.	4	17

essay28.txt	2	Youngsters might be tempted to buy cigarettes or alcohol and later to start consume it on a daily basis	Youngsters might be tempted to buy cigarettes or alcohol and later to start consume it on a daily basis.	9	19

essay35.txt	2	not to mention they are often visually enjoyable	They introduce new products, and provide various choices, not to mention they are often visually enjoyable, since they aim to grab your attention.	10	15

essay84.txt	2	giving those with no work a mobile phone each is a total waste of money	Nevertheless, I agree to this solution only to a certain degree because I feel that giving those with no work a mobile phone each is a total waste of money.	4	22

essay66.txt	2	many tourists around the world marveled at the perfect synthesis of the modern technology and the traditional culture	In fact, many tourists around the world marveled at the perfect synthesis of the modern technology and the traditional culture.	12	18

essay09.txt	2	you'd have to explain why alcohol and tobacco are legal	But then you'd have to explain why alcohol and tobacco are legal because those substances are way more harmful than cannabis.	19	35

essay81.txt	2	Malaysia is a multiracial country whereby all the citizens live together in harmony and peace	To cite an example, Malaysia is a multiracial country whereby all the citizens live together in harmony and peace.	15	21

essay10.txt	2	it's extremely unconstitutional in every way to tell them they can't	There is absolutely no legal, logical, or governing reason that same sex couples cannot be wed and it's extremely unconstitutional in every way to tell them they can't.	2	32

essay10.txt	2	it is hypocritical to deny the full rights and opportunities of citizenship which includes the access to an institution as basic as matrimony	The argument for same sex marriage asserts that it is hypocritical to deny the full rights and opportunities of citizenship which includes the access to an institution as basic as matrimony" (76) You would never make a women feel inferior for being a women, so why should you make a man or a women feel like they are less just based on who they love.	18	32

essay81.txt	2	when they are given the opportunity to express themselves, most artists will think out of the box and come up with spectacular Arts such as paintings or movies	It is undeniable that when they are given the opportunity to express themselves, most artists will think out of the box and come up with spectacular Arts such as paintings or movies.	5	21

essay46.txt	2	among the vast range of choices offered there are often some training courses that have direct implications on job-seeking and other aspects in everyday life	Nevertheless, among the vast range of choices offered there are often some training courses that have direct implications on job-seeking and other aspects in everyday life.	3	13

essay78.txt	2	If a firm is environmentally conscious, it may have to make optimal use of its resources to improve its production lines and equipment, which can boost productivity	If a firm is environmentally conscious, it may have to make optimal use of its resources to improve its production lines and equipment, which can boost productivity.	13	18

essay76.txt	2	If citizens had no access to health care and education, their physical health and psychological soundness would be at risk	If citizens had no access to health care and education, their physical health and psychological soundness would be at risk.	5	14

essay44.txt	2	the use of a solar cooker instead of an electric cooker would certainly reduce the global warming	For example, the use of a solar cooker instead of an electric cooker would certainly reduce the global warming.	11	16

essay53.txt	2	Many people keep pets like dogs and cats, trained them as service dogs and snuffing dogs which are very helpful to police force and even to some blind peoples	Many people keep pets like dogs and cats, trained them as service dogs and snuffing dogs which are very helpful to police force and even to some blind peoples.	7	18

essay78.txt	2	With people raising their awareness of the green economy, the products free of pollutants are increasingly prevalent among clients, which means eco-friendly businesses can make a favourable impression on customers today, triggering sales	With people raising their awareness of the green economy, the products free of pollutants are increasingly prevalent among clients, which means eco-friendly businesses can make a favourable impression on customers today, triggering sales.	10	18

essay37.txt	2	It will help people around the world understand each other more	It will help people around the world understand each other more.	2	23

essay20.txt	2	they should be responsible from cleaning up the air pollution	In conclusion, due to the fact that governments are responsible to provide a healthy enviorement for their inhabitants and they should be responsible from cleaning up the air pollution, both companies and private individuals should take the main part to clean up the air pollution.	13	14

essay58.txt	2	These are two sides of the same coin which can't be seperated	These are two sides of the same coin which can't be seperated.	26	30

essay69.txt	2	women have the outstanding instinct to take up some careers lie healthcare or human resource management due to their patience and elaboration	What is more, women have the outstanding instinct to take up some careers lie healthcare or human resource management due to their patience and elaboration.	10	15

essay12.txt	2	School is a place to learn, not a place to bring malicious substances, electronics and etc	School is a place to learn, not a place to bring malicious substances, electronics and etc.	26	33

essay12.txt	2	Security guards at school increase security and security dogs help find drugs with their noses	Security guards at school increase security and security dogs help find drugs with their noses.	25	33

essay29.txt	2	These women will set a good example for their children	These women will set a good example for their children.	11	16

essay82.txt	2	customers of telecommunication services will have an idea about the current offers of different companies	For example, customers of telecommunication services will have an idea about the current offers of different companies and hence they can compare them and then have a better decision in choosing their internet or mobile phone plans.	7	15

essay60.txt	2	A break can disturb the focus of students and prove detrimental	A break can disturb the focus of students and prove detrimental.	15	27

essay23.txt	2	it has a number of problems that should be well handled	The contribution of the mobile phone to our modern society is prominent and people's dependence on it is irreversible, although it has a number of problems that should be well handled.	18	19

essay18.txt	2	The job selection criteria are pre decided	The job selection criteria are pre decided.	14	24

essay10.txt	2	Not allowing same sex couples to marry is like saying all people born with a certain hair color should not be allowed marry people of other hair colors, It makes no sense	Not allowing same sex couples to marry is like saying all people born with a certain hair color should not be allowed marry people of other hair colors, It makes no sense.	26	32

essay87.txt	2	if they must pay more money on fuel, they may consider about that price of purchasing additionally for more time	In such case if they must pay more money on fuel, they may consider about that price of purchasing additionally for more time.	9	19

essay16.txt	2	The animal experiments accelerate the vanishing of some categories of animals	The animal experiments accelerate the vanishing of some categories of animals.	5	13

essay51.txt	2	the wide spread use of modern technology in agriculture may be problematic in itself	In reality, of course, the wide spread use of modern technology in agriculture may be problematic in itself; however, given the seriousness of food insufficiency through out the world, I believe this would be the ultimate goal.	11	12

essay88.txt	2	lives small towns are great deal more quiet and the air is always fresh	Meanwhile, lives small towns are great deal more quiet and the air is always fresh.	10	25

essay43.txt	2	these sporting occasions are a good opportunity for people to be proud of their country	Secondly, these sporting occasions are a good opportunity for people to be proud of their country.	9	16

essay34.txt	2	There are many ways that can train children to learn independent and social skills instead of getting a job	There are many ways that can train children to learn independent and social skills instead of getting a job.	17	18

essay45.txt	2	to survive in this competitive world, one has to work hard and equip themselves well	Also, it is obvious that, to survive in this competitive world, one has to work hard and equip themselves well.	7	14

essay57.txt	2	It helps to raise issues and criticise the wrong doings of the governments	It helps to raise issues and criticise the wrong doings of the governments.	9	23

essay37.txt	2	An international sporting event is normal held in a country with huge interest from fans all over the world	An international sporting event is normal held in a country with huge interest from fans all over the world.	4	23

essay09.txt	2	Many musicians admit that cannabis helps them get creative with their music and opens their minds to new ideas and concepts	Many musicians admit that cannabis helps them get creative with their music and opens their minds to new ideas and concepts.	29	35

essay31.txt	2	it is a better form to protect environment than automobile	Since bicycle expels neither carbon dioxides nor harmful gasses, it is a better form to protect environment than automobile.	16	21

essay29.txt	2	This is really necessary in cases of her husband's low salary and the difficulty of getting a good job at the present	This is really necessary in cases of her husband's low salary and the difficulty of getting a good job at the present.	7	16

essay44.txt	2	To generate such a vast energy the fundamental resources are falling short	To generate such a vast energy the fundamental resources are falling short.	6	16

essay25.txt	2	some area are suffering the dire consequences caused by overdeveloping the industry, such as water pollution, overcrowded traffic and medical problems	It is truth that some area are suffering the dire consequences caused by overdeveloping the industry, such as water pollution, overcrowded traffic and medical problems.	10	17

essay65.txt	2	not everyone is a fan of watching musicals on the spot	For example, not everyone is a fan of watching musicals on the spot.	12	16

essay08.txt	2	modern technology enables us to predict natural disasters much faster and more accurately, so we can reduce the number of deaths and property damage	Besides, modern technology enables us to predict natural disasters much faster and more accurately, so we can reduce the number of deaths and property damage.	10	19

essay85.txt	2	their privacies are invaded with the constant monitoring of the cameras	Those opposing the CCTV systems feel that their privacies are invaded with the constant monitoring of the cameras.	17	24

essay52.txt	2	If we can popularize the use of English, the language hinder will disappear as well	If we can popularize the use of English, the language hinder will disappear as well.	7	16

essay85.txt	2	the customers know very well that their conversations are recorded	Hence, the installation of CCTV cameras may help the employees escape this situation because the customers know very well that their conversations are recorded.	13	24

essay50.txt	2	students with a quite poor academic background can show themselves in the music	In fact, students with a quite poor academic background can show themselves in the music.	8	20

essay37.txt	2	They will try to create a beautiful image about their land and people	They will try to create a beautiful image about their land and people.	16	23

essay11.txt	2	A one night stay at Sands of Time RV Park costs twenty two dollars a night	A one night stay at Sands of Time RV Park costs twenty two dollars a night.	17	64

essay80.txt	2	many zoos, especially the ones in developing countries, do not provide care and attention which their animals require	That is because, many zoos, especially the ones in developing countries, do not provide care and attention which their animals require.	6	17

essay59.txt	2	the jury giving the verdict are also humans	However, the jury giving the verdict are also humans.	16	26

essay88.txt	2	people there are very friendly	Moreover, people there are very friendly.	4	25

essay47.txt	2	they have the right to enjoy freedom	By way of conclusion, it is my belief that wild animals should be set free from zoos not only because they have the right to enjoy freedom but they also escape from isolation and depression.	13	14

essay11.txt	2	Virtually every camper experiences this moment	Virtually every camper experiences this moment.	30	64

essay14.txt	2	students gain most of the knowledge through teachers and learn what is right and wrong with the assistance of teachers	On the other hand, students gain most of the knowledge through teachers and learn what is right and wrong with the assistance of teachers.	9	19

essay43.txt	2	South African national and traditional songs were played in the streets throughout the night	South African national and traditional songs were played in the streets throughout the night.	11	16

essay36.txt	2	In the US, firearms remain the most common method of suicide, accounting for about 50 per cent	In the US, firearms remain the most common method of suicide, accounting for about 50 per cent.	14	17

essay37.txt	2	foreigners came here always received the support of friendly volunteers who were young students	First of all, foreigners came here always received the support of friendly volunteers who were young students.	18	23

essay43.txt	2	during times of war, people living in badly affected countries can forget about the gloomy environment and maintain a link with the rest of the world by listening to international sports event	Firstly, during times of war, people living in badly affected countries can forget about the gloomy environment and maintain a link with the rest of the world by listening to international sports event.	5	16

essay23.txt	2	some students utilize their cell phones as an effective cheating tools in examinations in which they can send and receive answers by texting each other	What is worse , some students utilize their cell phones as an effective cheating tools in examinations in which they can send and receive answers by texting each other.	7	19

essay62.txt	2	Women like Margaret Thatcher, Indira Gandhi, Mari Curie etc., are symbols of women's intelligence and skills	Women like Margaret Thatcher, Indira Gandhi, Mari Curie etc., are symbols of women's intelligence and skills.	17	23

essay08.txt	2	they are likely to develop many dangerous diseases, including obesity, heart attack and high blood-pressure	This can have a detrimental effect on their health, since they are likely to develop many dangerous diseases, including obesity, heart attack and high blood-pressure.	15	19

essay39.txt	2	scientists are compelled to do research on the oxygen tanks	As astronauts need to travel to outer space which does not have any oxygen to breathe in, scientists are compelled to do research on the oxygen tanks.	13	18

essay33.txt	2	convergence of benefits of people of the world which is a natural consequence of globalization	Moreover, the proponents of globalization idea point out globalization results in considerable decrease in global tension due to convergence of benefits of people of the world which is a natural consequence of globalization.	9	12

essay10.txt	2	There is absolutely no legal, logical, or governing reason that same sex couples cannot be wed	There is absolutely no legal, logical, or governing reason that same sex couples cannot be wed and it's extremely unconstitutional in every way to tell them they can't.	2	32

essay50.txt	2	students can not obtain supposed impacts, unless they get interested in it more seriously	Increasingly however, students can not obtain supposed impacts, unless they get interested in it more seriously.	13	20

essay50.txt	2	music can have many mentally enhancing effects on students	By contrast, it is clear that music can have many mentally enhancing effects on students.	10	20

essay23.txt	2	Not only used for communication, but it also functions as an Internet browser, a music player , a personal organiser and so forth	Not only used for communication, but it also functions as an Internet browser, a music player , a personal organiser and so forth.	16	19

essay31.txt	2	bicycle expels neither carbon dioxides nor harmful gasses	Since bicycle expels neither carbon dioxides nor harmful gasses, it is a better form to protect environment than automobile.	16	21

essay10.txt	2	by making sex marriage illegal you are making people who are attracted to the same sex feel and seem inferior to others	Nobody likes feeling inferior, or like they a below standards, by making sex marriage illegal you are making people who are attracted to the same sex feel and seem inferior to others.	13	32

essay60.txt	2	A continous study pressure for over 10 years makes the mind saturated and like a robot, to follow instructions	A continous study pressure for over 10 years makes the mind saturated and like a robot, to follow instructions.	6	27

essay30.txt	2	all people in their country could receive the same education	It is better for them to use the money to pay for the other students' education so that all people in their country could receive the same education.	5	11

essay59.txt	2	Capital punishment is given only in the " rarest of the rare" cases	Capital punishment is given only in the " rarest of the rare" cases.	7	26

essay70.txt	2	pollutions are not just caused by the burning of oil, chemical pollutants, extra lights, also constitute considerable amount of pollution	On the other hand, pollutions are not just caused by the burning of oil, chemical pollutants, extra lights, also constitute considerable amount of pollution.	7	15

essay09.txt	2	79,000 people a year die from alcohol poisoning	79,000 people a year die from alcohol poisoning, while zero people have died from overdosing on pot.	20	35

essay67.txt	2	regardless of whether the work of art is based on truth or not, it is the public's authority to determine how to interpret its meaning	It is needless to say that art inevitably involves imagination, exaggeration and sometimes is purely fabricated; regardless of whether the work of art is based on truth or not, it is the public's authority to determine how to interpret its meaning.	4	12

essay19.txt	2	the establishment of a particular museum like history, science, or oceanography is usually attached to educational purposes	On the other hand, the establishment of a particular museum like history, science, or oceanography is usually attached to educational purposes.	8	14

essay50.txt	2	the calm atmosphere in the class might be created	Consequently, the calm atmosphere in the class might be created.	9	20

essay32.txt	2	the economies of several countries are in a big network and must influence on each others	In globalized world, the economies of several countries are in a big network and must influence on each others.	15	19

essay32.txt	2	poor counties suffer from shortage of basic materials and facilities to start businesses and make it richer	First of all, poor counties suffer from shortage of basic materials and facilities to start businesses and make it richer.	6	19

essay71.txt	2	the advertising expenses lead to a higher product price	Of course, the advertising expenses lead to a higher product price and some of them express fake information, creating information asymmetry between consumers and companies.	10	15

essay12.txt	2	In the past 10 years that has all changed	In the past 10 years that has all changed.	10	33

essay51.txt	2	Imagine the tragedies that would ensue if people lived in famine and started to eat people to survive	Imagine the tragedies that would ensue if people lived in famine and started to eat people to survive.	4	12

essay12.txt	2	School was known to be a secure environment for children where they could learn and have a have a fun time with friends	School was known to be a secure environment for children where they could learn and have a have a fun time with friends.	9	33

essay78.txt	2	taking environmental consequences seriously can enhance working efficiencies	Furthermore, taking environmental consequences seriously can enhance working efficiencies.	12	18

essay26.txt	2	this has contributed to a modification of cooking habits, which may cause the loss of our custom and culture about cooking	But rare people have been aware that this has contributed to a modification of cooking habits, which may cause the loss of our custom and culture about cooking.	13	16

essay59.txt	2	When a criminal mind knows the quantum of punishment, they will fear and not commit such crimes	When a criminal mind knows the quantum of punishment, they will fear and not commit such crimes.	12	26

essay63.txt	2	Even, with the help of ozone machines, bacterias, mold spores, or pesticide in vegetables, fruits and foods will be killed and removed	Even, with the help of ozone machines, bacterias, mold spores, or pesticide in vegetables, fruits and foods will be killed and removed, thus health and life of eaters is assured.	17	22

essay12.txt	2	The students who are yet to be caught will learn from the mistakes of other students and will stop	The students who are yet to be caught will learn from the mistakes of other students and will stop.	23	33

essay84.txt	2	the mobile phones can also be used to make calls with the companies in which they would like to work with	Not only that, the mobile phones can also be used to make calls with the companies in which they would like to work with.	8	22

essay34.txt	2	Students may learn professional skills, expand their understandings and gain experiences	Students may learn professional skills, expand their understandings and gain experiences.	7	18

essay53.txt	2	cows are often injected by Oxytocin, a hormone which is used to forcibly increase lactation	For instance, cows are often injected by Oxytocin, a hormone which is used to forcibly increase lactation.	10	18

essay68.txt	2	our society is occupied with the violent scenes and plots at present	We cannot deny that our society is occupied with the violent scenes and plots at present.	10	13

essay21.txt	2	Consumers tend to purchase the most known product when it comes to picking one out of two different brands of the same product	Consumers tend to purchase the most known product when it comes to picking one out of two different brands of the same product.	14	21

essay20.txt	2	While these companies make a huge amount of money from their bussinesses, most of them are not considering to take precautions to reduce the amount of air pollution	While these companies make a huge amount of money from their bussinesses, most of them are not considering to take precautions to reduce the amount of air pollution.	5	14

essay64.txt	2	children have to be proficient at computers and the Internet if they want to join online games, which, in fact, helps children acquire a particularly powerful skill at work in future	This is because children have to be proficient at computers and the Internet if they want to join online games, which, in fact, helps children acquire a particularly powerful skill at work in future.	6	18

essay57.txt	2	Imagination is at its best when the mind is relaxed and free from the fear of government or any restrictive laws	Imagination is at its best when the mind is relaxed and free from the fear of government or any restrictive laws.	22	23

essay83.txt	2	recently there has been an incident in which an atomic power house leaked tons of radio active material into air when an earthquake hit the surrounding area	For example recently there has been an incident in which an atomic power house leaked tons of radio active material into air when an earthquake hit the surrounding area.	8	15

essay39.txt	2	By observing planet earth from outer space, people can find out ample things for example about the atmosphere of the planet earth	By observing planet earth from outer space, people can find out ample things for example about the atmosphere of the planet earth.	10	18

essay64.txt	2	they foster children's communication skills	One primary merit of traditional games is that they foster children's communication skills.	9	18

essay77.txt	2	numerous wild animals die because of food shortage	It is true that some zoos are lack of systematic management which attributes to numerous wild animals die because of food shortage.	13	17

essay58.txt	2	competition and co-operation go hand in hand	Thus, competition and co-operation go hand in hand.	25	30

essay42.txt	2	If the teachers receive higher salaries, they will be willing to spend more extra time mentoring the youngsters rather than hoping they learn in cram schools and so forth, as this is what is happening in Taiwan	If the teachers receive higher salaries, they will be willing to spend more extra time mentoring the youngsters rather than hoping they learn in cram schools and so forth, as this is what is happening in Taiwan.	6	12

essay58.txt	2	We live in a social setup and mutual help and sharing only leads to success	We live in a social setup and mutual help and sharing only leads to success.	6	30

essay62.txt	2	Equality in education will help in development of the society	Equality in education will help in development of the society.	19	23

essay66.txt	2	people tend to follow the trend back to the tradition in the recent years	But I believe this is not the issue because people tend to follow the trend back to the tradition in the recent years.	15	18

essay89.txt	2	knowledge acquired from books is greatly accepted	Therefore, knowledge acquired from books is greatly accepted, which means that it is right to the bulk of people.	6	24

essay09.txt	2	Teens are susceptible to harsher drugs after trying marijuana	Teens are susceptible to harsher drugs after trying marijuana because they are introduced to these hardcore drugs in the same underground market where they got the marijuana, not because it's a gateway drug.	25	35

essay27.txt	2	education is an essential part in development	Firstly, education is an essential part in development.	5	15

essay53.txt	2	other animals such as, horses, cattles and donkeys for farming, agriculture and as a mode of transportation	Likewise, other animals such as, horses, cattles and donkeys for farming, agriculture and as a mode of transportation.	6	18

essay90.txt	2	urban traffic jam can be, to some extent, relieved in this respect	Consequently, urban traffic jam can be, to some extent, relieved in this respect.	6	20

essay51.txt	2	Thanks to the lower expenditure in food consuming, low income people now have sufficient money to cover up costs in health and education	Thanks to the lower expenditure in food consuming, low income people now have sufficient money to cover up costs in health and education.	7	12

essay01.txt	2	The winner is the athlete but the success belongs to the whole team	The winner is the athlete but the success belongs to the whole team.	14	17

essay34.txt	2	They can get more experiences that can not be obtained at school	They can get more experiences that can not be obtained at school.	13	18

essay17.txt	2	Most of the people in African and poor countries live in difficult conditions	Most of the people in African and poor countries live in difficult conditions because of their countries locate in areas where lack of natural resources and have bad weather conditions for development as well.	5	15

essay61.txt	2	Computers provide speed, increase efficiency, accuracy, precision, help to increase productivity and other countless benefits are provided by it	Computers provide speed, increase efficiency, accuracy, precision, help to increase productivity and other countless benefits are provided by it.	12	30

essay43.txt	2	when the Football World Cup was organised in South Africa, its citizens filled up the stadiums, cheered and waved national flags to support their national team on the field	For instance, when the Football World Cup was organised in South Africa, its citizens filled up the stadiums, cheered and waved national flags to support their national team on the field.	10	16

essay55.txt	2	In students' point of view, the combination of difficult and easy subjects balances their schoolwork stress and fosters their enthusiasm on classes	In students' point of view, the combination of difficult and easy subjects balances their schoolwork stress and fosters their enthusiasm on classes.	9	19

essay83.txt	2	its disadvantages far outweigh the adavantages	To sum it up, from above mentioned facts it can easily be deduced that nuclear power may apear silver bullet for energy crisis but its disadvantages far outweigh the adavantages.	13	15

essay84.txt	2	they can surf the The Star Onlines' work section to find a job that is suitable for them	For example, they can surf the The Star Onlines' work section to find a job that is suitable for them.	6	22

essay52.txt	2	these languages have special significance for people who belong to them	Obviously, these languages have special significance for people who belong to them and using English to replace them is crudity.	13	16

essay47.txt	2	the strict laws prohibiting poaching would provide a shelter for various kinds of animals in natural habitat	However, I would contend that the strict laws prohibiting poaching would provide a shelter for various kinds of animals in natural habitat.	11	14

essay09.txt	2	Pharmaceutical companies lobby against cannabis because at a lower price, there are so many drugs (painkillers, sleep medication) it could replace	For example, Pharmaceutical companies lobby against cannabis because at a lower price, there are so many drugs (painkillers, sleep medication) it could replace.	14	35

essay40.txt	2	students can gain their practical experience by getting involved extra jobs	It is undoubtedly certain that students can gain their practical experience by getting involved extra jobs.	4	19

essay14.txt	2	not only do teachers teach us knowlegde but also the skills to tell right from wrong	Because not only do teachers teach us knowlegde but also the skills to tell right from wrong.	17	19

essay09.txt	2	The main reason cannabis remains illegal is because lobbyists are making tons of money off of prohibition	The main reason cannabis remains illegal is because lobbyists are making tons of money off of prohibition.	13	35

essay84.txt	2	With the help of the net, they can also do more research on the work that they have found apart from looking up on how they can prepare themselves for the job	With the help of the net, they can also do more research on the work that they have found apart from looking up on how they can prepare themselves for the job.	7	22

essay89.txt	2	It is apparent that books are often written by professors, experts, or authorities in a variety of fields	It is apparent that books are often written by professors, experts, or authorities in a variety of fields.	5	24

essay71.txt	2	they are not in the purpose of making profits but taking a role of disseminating valued culture, good moral traits and calling for helps for the disabled and the poor	In fact, they are not in the purpose of making profits but taking a role of disseminating valued culture, good moral traits and calling for helps for the disabled and the poor.	5	15

essay31.txt	2	rental bicycle system has been introduced in several European countries	For example, rental bicycle system has been introduced in several European countries.	14	21

essay85.txt	2	when a shop is attacked by thieves, the clips taken by these cameras serve as a source of evidence to help the thieves to be traced	This is because when a shop is attacked by thieves, the clips taken by these cameras serve as a source of evidence to help the thieves to be traced.	7	24

essay84.txt	2	they can use it to help them earn a living	To illustrate this further, the money can be used to build more amenities for the public or given to the poor so that they can use it to help them earn a living.	12	22

essay10.txt	2	You would never make a women feel inferior for being a women	The argument for same sex marriage asserts that it is hypocritical to deny the full rights and opportunities of citizenship which includes the access to an institution as basic as matrimony" (76) You would never make a women feel inferior for being a women, so why should you make a man or a women feel like they are less just based on who they love.	18	32

essay78.txt	2	without the requirement of environmental preservation, the firm would still consume a vast amount of energy which constitutes a large part of its operational costs, being a hurdle to the economic develpment	On the other hand, without the requirement of environmental preservation, the firm would still consume a vast amount of energy which constitutes a large part of its operational costs, being a hurdle to the economic develpment.	15	18

essay31.txt	2	This system is that at the corner of each district, the rental bicycles are placed and the people can ride it to the other districts with a small fee	This system is that at the corner of each district, the rental bicycles are placed and the people can ride it to the other districts with a small fee.	15	21

essay72.txt	2	once they return to the society, they tend to relapse and get involved in drugs again	Nevertheless, once they return to the society, they tend to relapse and get involved in drugs again.	7	22

essay11.txt	2	Campers are friendly and enjoy the company of fellow campers	Campers are friendly and enjoy the company of fellow campers.	54	64

essay29.txt	2	By taking up a job, a wife can earn more money to support her family life	By taking up a job, a wife can earn more money to support her family life.	6	16

essay83.txt	2	while generating energy from any source be it hydro power or oil there always is some wastage and so is the case with nuclear power	Last but not least, while generating energy from any source be it hydro power or oil there always is some wastage and so is the case with nuclear power.	10	15

essay59.txt	2	Capital punishment helps to safeguard human rights in a strict and effective manner	Capital punishment helps to safeguard human rights in a strict and effective manner.	24	26

essay11.txt	2	Cooking over a fire makes burgers and potatoes taste better than can be found at any fast food place	Cooking over a fire makes burgers and potatoes taste better than can be found at any fast food place.	45	64

essay89.txt	2	it is difficult to apply knowledge from books into practice	Consequently, it is difficult to apply knowledge from books into practice.	13	24

essay15.txt	2	thanks to the function provided by email and text messaging (SMS), it is cheaper and faster to transfer a lot of information, even to many people at the same time	Especially, thanks to the function provided by email and text messaging (SMS), it is cheaper and faster to transfer a lot of information, even to many people at the same time.	9	19

essay34.txt	2	employer always prefer to hire an employee of high degree who have professional skills	For example, as we know, employer always prefer to hire an employee of high degree who have professional skills.	9	18

essay56.txt	2	In my country, English is a required course from elementary school	In my country, English is a required course from elementary school.	6	20

essay63.txt	2	they want to invest more time in their work or study to improve themselves	Another reason is that most of young people prefer to have meals at restaurants because they want to invest more time in their work or study to improve themselves.	10	22

essay37.txt	2	due to this event North Korea showed a friendship and enthuasism	However, due to this event North Korea showed a friendship and enthuasism.	9	23

essay83.txt	2	Last centuary has witnesed the horrors of such weapons	Last centuary has witnesed the horrors of such weapons.	5	15

essay26.txt	2	to make their food easier to prepare and taste delicious, almost every producer adds a wide range of artificial ingredients in to the food that is now purchased by most people	First of all, to make their food easier to prepare and taste delicious, almost every producer adds a wide range of artificial ingredients in to the food that is now purchased by most people.	4	16

essay15.txt	2	email and cell phones have improved the obstacles above	However, email and cell phones have improved the obstacles above.	7	19

essay08.txt	2	deadly and powerful weapons can be a huge threat to the world's peace	First, deadly and powerful weapons can be a huge threat to the world's peace.	12	19

essay20.txt	2	private individuals cause air pollution in several ways such as inessential use of cars and house heating	Second, private individuals cause air pollution in several ways such as inessential use of cars and house heating.	7	14

essay29.txt	2	extra income that women earn will contribute to their family's expenses	Firstly, extra income that women earn will contribute to their family's expenses.	5	16

essay60.txt	2	In most education systems, a child studies continously from the age of 5 till 16 years of age	In most education systems, a child studies continously from the age of 5 till 16 years of age.	4	27

essay09.txt	2	Another group that benefits greatly from prohibition are the drug cartels	Another group that benefits greatly from prohibition are the drug cartels.	15	35

essay60.txt	2	One year break can help young people to prepare for the challenges of life	One year break can help young people to prepare for the challenges of life.	26	27

essay47.txt	2	the endangered species preserved in zoos would never die of illegal hunting	They further point out that the endangered species preserved in zoos would never die of illegal hunting.	10	14

essay28.txt	2	some countries take this issue seriously and advertising alcohol, cigarettes and materials with adult content is banned on those countries	Fortunately, some countries take this issue seriously and advertising alcohol, cigarettes and materials with adult content is banned on those countries.	10	19

essay85.txt	2	by having CCTV cameras at workplace, crimes such as robbery can be trimmed down	Firstly, by having CCTV cameras at workplace, crimes such as robbery can be trimmed down.	6	24

essay80.txt	2	in zoos, animals are kept in enclosures which simulate their own habitats and also endangered animals are being protected from their predators or hunters	This is due to the fact that, in zoos, animals are kept in enclosures which simulate their own habitats and also endangered animals are being protected from their predators or hunters.	13	17

essay58.txt	2	It is only due to their teamwork that they are able to catch a prey and make task easy	It is only due to their teamwork that they are able to catch a prey and make task easy.	9	30

essay69.txt	2	under many circumstances, women find it difficult to balance their work and their traditional role as the wives	Admittedly, such changes do lead to some negative results like an upward trend in divorce rate or, under many circumstances, women find it difficult to balance their work and their traditional role as the wives.	11	15

essay28.txt	2	Only well planned and well targeted advertising will bring more foreign tourists to the country	Only well planned and well targeted advertising will bring more foreign tourists to the country.	16	19

essay10.txt	2	we have an amendment which protects our country from that exact situation	Many people think that the word of the bible is comparable to law; however we have an amendment which protects our country from that exact situation.	24	32

essay18.txt	2	in the past time, women worked at home and performed sophisticated work	Contrastingly, in the past time, women worked at home and performed sophisticated work.	2	24

essay12.txt	2	they assure security in schools, makes students healthy, and will make students obey school policies in the future	Locker checks should be made mandatory and done frequently because they assure security in schools, makes students healthy, and will make students obey school policies in the future.	29	33

essay40.txt	2	students who get part time jobs have not only academic knowledge but also hands-on experience	As a result, students who get part time jobs have not only academic knowledge but also hands-on experience.	7	19

essay06.txt	2	exercising and being active can improve self-esteem and confidence	It is proven that exercising and being active can improve self-esteem and confidence.	4	40

essay61.txt	2	one needs to be aware of all the pros and cons and beware of malicious things	However, one needs to be aware of all the pros and cons and beware of malicious things.	27	30

essay46.txt	2	High school graduates choose to further educate themselves in universities because of all different reasons: a degree that's more widely accepted, gain knowledge and insight into an industry, or simply deepen their research interests in a certain field	High school graduates choose to further educate themselves in universities because of all different reasons: a degree that's more widely accepted, gain knowledge and insight into an industry, or simply deepen their research interests in a certain field.	7	13

essay83.txt	2	nuclear power may apear silver bullet for energy crisis	To sum it up, from above mentioned facts it can easily be deduced that nuclear power may apear silver bullet for energy crisis but its disadvantages far outweigh the adavantages.	13	15

essay61.txt	2	Computer was invented for the benefit of mankind	Computer was invented for the benefit of mankind and it has fulfilled its objective.	28	30

essay70.txt	2	with supervisory institutions built to find and address problems	Plus with supervisory institutions built to find and address problems.	12	15

essay11.txt	2	It this confined space that, when allowed, can create a close bond between family members	It this confined space that, when allowed, can create a close bond between family members.	36	64

essay63.txt	2	health and life of eaters is assured	Even, with the help of ozone machines, bacterias, mold spores, or pesticide in vegetables, fruits and foods will be killed and removed, thus health and life of eaters is assured.	17	22

essay42.txt	2	junior high school teachers have great responsibility not only for students' private lives as they are going through adolescence but also their school work due to the fact that it is an important phase for them to study hard and get into the high school they want	For instance, junior high school teachers have great responsibility not only for students' private lives as they are going through adolescence but also their school work due to the fact that it is an important phase for them to study hard and get into the high school they want.	5	12

essay39.txt	2	If it was not for the space exploration, we would never know these facts	If it was not for the space exploration, we would never know these facts.	8	18

essay58.txt	2	lions hunt in a team	For instance, lions hunt in a team.	8	30

essay58.txt	2	This kind of competition gives customers more options	This kind of competition gives customers more options.	20	30

essay11.txt	2	Cooking a chicken over campfire, cooking an apple pie in a dutch oven, and cooking a burger wrapped in foil on the coals of a camp fire can put the best gourmet chefs to shame	Cooking a chicken over campfire, cooking an apple pie in a dutch oven, and cooking a burger wrapped in foil on the coals of a camp fire can put the best gourmet chefs to shame.	48	64

essay21.txt	2	there is a very creative advertisements of a soft drink product on TV	Recently, there is a very creative advertisements of a soft drink product on TV.	9	21

essay46.txt	2	students are the ones here to seek knowledge	What is meant by this is that students are the ones universities should really cater for, not the employers, as students are the ones here to seek knowledge.	6	13

essay06.txt	2	it helps relieves tension and stress	Exercising gives people energy, which helps people have positive outlooks on life and it helps relieves tension and stress.	21	40

essay57.txt	2	Creativity originates in a free mind	Creativity originates in a free mind.	3	23

essay13.txt	2	technology and computers do make their jobs easier	It's true that technology and computers do make their jobs easier but it cannot definitely replace them.	9	13

essay06.txt	2	When you having fun you don't even realize that your exercising and you look forward to it everyday	When you having fun you don't even realize that your exercising and you look forward to it everyday.	30	40

essay02.txt	2	Take Australia for example, immigrants from varieties of nations have a day called multicultural day where people from each country prepare their food and traditional activities for displaying in the public venues	Take Australia for example, immigrants from varieties of nations have a day called multicultural day where people from each country prepare their food and traditional activities for displaying in the public venues.	6	17

essay61.txt	2	Virus programs, privacy breach, leak of confidential documents, cyber attacks, identity theft, frauds etc. are some of its demerits, from a countless list	Virus programs, privacy breach, leak of confidential documents, cyber attacks, identity theft, frauds etc. are some of its demerits, from a countless list.	20	30

essay06.txt	2	It is extremely rewarding and worthwhile	It is extremely rewarding and worthwhile.	39	40

essay73.txt	2	statistics show a slight reduction in the number of smokers, indicating that they realize the effects of the negative habit	As a result, statistics show a slight reduction in the number of smokers, indicating that they realize the effects of the negative habit.	7	18

essay37.txt	2	In Olympic Beijing 2008, Chinese tried thier best to bring the world a spectacular image about their country	In Olympic Beijing 2008, Chinese tried thier best to bring the world a spectacular image about their country.	17	23

essay54.txt	2	in accordance with recent research, experts suggest the lifestyle of individuals in modern society is unhealthy	However, in accordance with recent research, experts suggest the lifestyle of individuals in modern society is unhealthy because they lack of physical exercise and face-to-face communication.	5	11

essay74.txt	2	It helps people distinguish between nations and even regions in a country	It helps people distinguish between nations and even regions in a country.	6	18

essay06.txt	2	exercising takes up a lot of time and it requires too much work	Most people think that exercising takes up a lot of time and it requires too much work.	26	40

essay76.txt	2	citizens enjoy the right to live in a harmonious and stable environment, which should be enabled by the government, the leader of the society	This is because citizens enjoy the right to live in a harmonious and stable environment, which should be enabled by the government, the leader of the society.	4	14

essay12.txt	2	These checks are required	These checks are required because malicious students bring drugs and weapons to school and store them in the lockers.	4	33

essay67.txt	2	art inevitably involves imagination, exaggeration and sometimes is purely fabricated	It is needless to say that art inevitably involves imagination, exaggeration and sometimes is purely fabricated; regardless of whether the work of art is based on truth or not, it is the public's authority to determine how to interpret its meaning.	4	12

essay08.txt	2	They help us to work and study more efficiently, thus leading to an improvement in our abilities	They help us to work and study more efficiently, thus leading to an improvement in our abilities.	8	19

essay44.txt	2	during summer there will be a lot of power cut in the developing countries such as India	Thus, during summer there will be a lot of power cut in the developing countries such as India.	7	16

essay34.txt	2	schools provide lots of academic knowledge to students	Second of all, schools provide lots of academic knowledge to students.	6	18

essay74.txt	2	there are a few people, particularly the youngsters, do not pay attention on collecting and studying those	As evidence of this, there are a few people, particularly the youngsters, do not pay attention on collecting and studying those.	12	18

essay19.txt	2	school and university students and teachers are always the guests of museums	As can be seen, school and university students and teachers are always the guests of museums because the places are where they can discover and obtain a large amount of information related to their studies and teaching.	9	14

essay70.txt	2	the improvements of work efficiency also attribute to the speed-up of working pace, resulting in traffic jams during rush-hours	In addition, the improvements of work efficiency also attribute to the speed-up of working pace, resulting in traffic jams during rush-hours.	8	15

essay61.txt	2	Research on making computerised drone soldiers (unmanned computer controlled) is going on	Research on making computerised drone soldiers (unmanned computer controlled) is going on.	16	30

essay60.txt	2	during high school, many students face a dilemma to decide which stream should they major in	Nevertheless, during high school, many students face a dilemma to decide which stream should they major in.	9	27

essay30.txt	2	Some parents might not have enough money to pay for their children university fees	Some parents might not have enough money to pay for their children university fees.	3	11

essay13.txt	2	instead of opening up a patient to get a gallstone, they would just use an instrument that would make a point incision and guide it through inside the body to do the job for them	It can have less work for them, just for instance, instead of opening up a patient to get a gallstone, they would just use an instrument that would make a point incision and guide it through inside the body to do the job for them.	10	13

essay69.txt	2	The financial burden of families, for instance, has decreased significantly with both the wives and the husbands working to earn money	The financial burden of families, for instance, has decreased significantly with both the wives and the husbands working to earn money.	9	15

essay49.txt	2	only the more privileged are able to enjoy the benefits	Nevertheless, opponents of modern communications claim that only the more privileged are able to enjoy the benefits.	9	14

essay11.txt	2	Some of this may be foreign to some people and there can be resistance	Some of this may be foreign to some people and there can be resistance.	40	64

essay75.txt	2	it is unrealistic to pursuit of this high standard of life in many developing countries, in which the basic housing supply has still been a huge problem with plenty of lower income family have squeezed in a small tight room	However, it is unrealistic to pursuit of this high standard of life in many developing countries, in which the basic housing supply has still been a huge problem with plenty of lower income family have squeezed in a small tight room.	6	9

essay63.txt	2	people nowadays just spend one hour to prepare a meal instead of two, even three hours like in the last 10 years	As a result, people nowadays just spend one hour to prepare a meal instead of two, even three hours like in the last 10 years.	6	22

essay30.txt	2	the government has been paying a lot of money for their students' primary and secondary education	In the other hand, I don't think it is also fair for the government as the government has been paying a lot of money for their students' primary and secondary education.	4	11

essay16.txt	2	it is necessary to make sure that people can live a long life	Though animal experiments have negative impact on the natural balance, it is necessary to make sure that people can live a long life.	7	13

essay21.txt	2	When a product is commonly used, it becomes trustworthy for the society, no matter what quality it is	When a product is commonly used, it becomes trustworthy for the society, no matter what quality it is.	15	21

essay89.txt	2	it is easy to put knowledge from experience in real life	Whereas, it is easy to put knowledge from experience in real life because it is acquired from what have happened to them.	14	24

essay54.txt	2	people who watch exhibitions on TV or internet at home, save the time and money on the road, which is increasingly significant particularly to people in modern society	Obviously, people who watch exhibitions on TV or internet at home, save the time and money on the road, which is increasingly significant particularly to people in modern society.	4	11

essay38.txt	2	Today, mobile phones become a common one of household items, which due to the cheaper materials and better producing technologies	Today, mobile phones become a common one of household items, which due to the cheaper materials and better producing technologies.	7	19

essay30.txt	2	students that already have a basic knowledge and education can get a part-time job	Moreover, students that already have a basic knowledge and education can get a part-time job and they can pay for their own studies when their parent could not afford to pay it.	6	11

essay12.txt	2	In this brutal massacre at Virginia Tech, 32 students were murdered and several more were wounded	In this brutal massacre at Virginia Tech, 32 students were murdered and several more were wounded.	13	33

essay52.txt	2	it promotes the communication and interaction between different countries more conveniently and clearly	First of all, it promotes the communication and interaction between different countries more conveniently and clearly.	4	16

essay50.txt	2	in order to be a competitive worker, students must know their field in an advanced level	In conclusion, I think that in order to be a competitive worker, students must know their field in an advanced level.	17	20

essay34.txt	2	Working helps children be more independent and teach them to esteem and manage the money that they've earned	Working helps children be more independent and teach them to esteem and manage the money that they've earned.	14	18

essay74.txt	2	The clearance of minority of language means that a national traditional, customs and habitants do not exist	The clearance of minority of language means that a national traditional, customs and habitants do not exist.	7	18

essay12.txt	2	drugs completely destroy a student's life	As a result, drugs completely destroy a student's life.	18	33

essay23.txt	2	nothing can be overused without side effects	In conclusion, nothing can be overused without side effects.	17	19

essay17.txt	2	their countries locate in areas where lack of natural resources and have bad weather conditions for development as well	Most of the people in African and poor countries live in difficult conditions because of their countries locate in areas where lack of natural resources and have bad weather conditions for development as well.	5	15

essay11.txt	2	Spending time camping is a great way to revitalize the lungs	Spending time camping is a great way to revitalize the lungs.	7	64

essay10.txt	2	the word of the bible is comparable to law	Many people think that the word of the bible is comparable to law; however we have an amendment which protects our country from that exact situation.	24	32

essay67.txt	2	this world needs them to make itself colourful	By way of conclusion, I do not root for the idea that restrictions should be put on artists work; on the contrary, they should be encouraged to express their innovative ideas – this world needs them to make itself colourful.	11	12

essay21.txt	2	it also has to be affordable for the consumer	However it also has to be affordable for the consumer.	17	21

essay09.txt	2	zero people have died from overdosing on pot	79,000 people a year die from alcohol poisoning, while zero people have died from overdosing on pot.	20	35

essay63.txt	2	this figure still continueously go up along with the improvement of science and technology	And this figure still continueously go up along with the improvement of science and technology.	8	22

essay77.txt	2	When children pay a visit to the zoos, they still could observe the eating behavior or leisure activities among animals, which would definitely enrich their knowledge associated with different animals	When children pay a visit to the zoos, they still could observe the eating behavior or leisure activities among animals, which would definitely enrich their knowledge associated with different animals.	10	17

essay76.txt	2	the harmonious society calls for the joint efforts of the government and citizens	After all, the harmonious society calls for the joint efforts of the government and citizens.	13	14

essay77.txt	2	Once the animal got sick, professional vet will help them promptly	Once the animal got sick, professional vet will help them promptly.	6	17

essay28.txt	2	tourism makes up one-third of the Czech Republic's economy	For example, tourism makes up one-third of the Czech Republic's economy.	14	19

essay90.txt	2	As people work in the countryside, they will not have to commute in cities at peak times such as eight o'clock in the morning or six o'clock in the afternoon	As people work in the countryside, they will not have to commute in cities at peak times such as eight o'clock in the morning or six o'clock in the afternoon.	5	20

essay88.txt	2	It is contrary in small town life, where people are ready to help whenever their neighbors are in need	It is contrary in small town life, where people are ready to help whenever their neighbors are in need.	14	25

essay56.txt	2	English is being accepted universally	No one can deny the huge benefits of the trend that English is being accepted universally.	4	20

essay35.txt	2	Otherwise the market may be monopolistic	Otherwise the market may be monopolistic, and the price as well as the choice will not be so selective.	12	15

essay43.txt	2	This clearly shows that international sports competitions encourage people and put pressure on them to come back, sooner or later, to a relative peaceful normality	This clearly shows that international sports competitions encourage people and put pressure on them to come back, sooner or later, to a relative peaceful normality.	7	16

essay01.txt	2	All of these skills help them to get on well with other people and will benefit them for the whole life	All of these skills help them to get on well with other people and will benefit them for the whole life.	8	17

essay39.txt	2	With this knowledge, people can work on something to prevent earth hazards such as global warming	With this knowledge, people can work on something to prevent earth hazards such as global warming.	11	18

essay73.txt	2	With only pictures, everyone is left to their own interpretation on how they perceive the images	With only pictures, everyone is left to their own interpretation on how they perceive the images.	12	18

essay83.txt	2	there has not been any permanat solution of it	Safely getting rid of nuclear waste is a daunting task and there has not been any permanat solution of it.	11	15

essay19.txt	2	there are a number of seminars and conferences held at museums that are informative and necessary for scholars and experts in their fields of research	In addition, there are a number of seminars and conferences held at museums that are informative and necessary for scholars and experts in their fields of research.	10	14

essay12.txt	2	The number of school shootings has increased significantly	The number of school shootings has increased significantly.	11	33

essay58.txt	2	every other day, new cars are developed by companies which are more efficient than others	For example, every other day, new cars are developed by companies which are more efficient than others.	19	30

essay75.txt	2	those are the most essential ways enable to make people a decent life	To conclude, art could play an active role in improving the quality of people's lives, but I think that governments should attach heavier weight to other social issues such as education and housing needs because those are the most essential ways enable to make people a decent life.	8	9

essay88.txt	2	It is wonderful that I get up early in the morning and take a walk in such a green place	It is wonderful that I get up early in the morning and take a walk in such a green place.	19	25

essay25.txt	2	most problems can be avoidable if the factories put in real and great effort to manage their waste well	In fact most problems can be avoidable if the factories put in real and great effort to manage their waste well.	14	17

essay19.txt	2	the places are where they can discover and obtain a large amount of information related to their studies and teaching	As can be seen, school and university students and teachers are always the guests of museums because the places are where they can discover and obtain a large amount of information related to their studies and teaching.	9	14

essay53.txt	2	Animal rights are meant to set limits on human behavior	Animal rights are meant to set limits on human behavior and manipulation of them should be punished as a serious crime.	17	18

essay67.txt	2	the audiences have their own judgement and are not likely to be misled or influenced by some art work	One of the major concerns against freeing artists' creation derives from the fear of social misleading which would destabilize the society; however, I believe the audiences have their own judgement and are not likely to be misled or influenced by some art work.	3	12

essay44.txt	2	the use of nuclear energy as an alternative to the hydro-kinetic energy causes less atmospheric pollution	In the same way, the use of nuclear energy as an alternative to the hydro-kinetic energy causes less atmospheric pollution.	12	16

essay89.txt	2	knowledge from experience seems a little different from information contained in books	Meanwhile, knowledge from experience seems a little different from information contained in books.	7	24

essay18.txt	2	women have proved themselves in every field whether it is indoor or outdoor	Initially, if we look into the fact, women have proved themselves in every field whether it is indoor or outdoor.	7	24

essay06.txt	2	Setting goals and rewards will help you stay motivated and consistent with exercising	Setting goals and rewards will help you stay motivated and consistent with exercising.	31	40

essay72.txt	2	if the drug addicts are not given intense punishment, they will not change and continue to misuse drugs	On the other hand, some argue that if the drug addicts are not given intense punishment, they will not change and continue to misuse drugs.	12	22

essay29.txt	2	These things in turn will make them more confident, independent	These things in turn will make them more confident, independent.	10	16

essay05.txt	2	studying at an overseas university gives individuals the opportunity to improve social skills by interacting and communicating with students from different origins and cultures	First, studying at an overseas university gives individuals the opportunity to improve social skills by interacting and communicating with students from different origins and cultures.	4	14

essay09.txt	2	legalizing this drug would expose more children and teens to it	They think legalizing this drug would expose more children and teens to it.	22	35

essay47.txt	2	the limited space and the artificial trees and lakes can not fully compensate the animals for their loss	Apparently, the limited space and the artificial trees and lakes can not fully compensate the animals for their loss.	5	14

essay11.txt	2	Camping can also take place at a nearby state park	Camping can also take place at a nearby state park.	24	64

essay87.txt	2	some families really need one or two cars	In fact, some families really need one or two cars.	11	19

essay13.txt	2	it cannot definitely replace them	It's true that technology and computers do make their jobs easier but it cannot definitely replace them.	9	13

essay81.txt	2	many countries make numerous efforts to show that they are democratic countries	Today, many countries make numerous efforts to show that they are democratic countries.	9	21

essay70.txt	2	temporarily targets should be set, with regard to the limitations of pollutants in a certain period of time, for example, a season	Furthermore, temporarily targets should be set, with regard to the limitations of pollutants in a certain period of time, for example, a season.	11	15

essay51.txt	2	technological developments in agriculture is beneficial in the short term	In other words, although technological developments in agriculture is beneficial in the short term, its long term negatives are significant.	10	12

essay84.txt	2	in order to obtain a mobile phone, they make themselves jobless	It will not be surprising that in order to obtain a mobile phone, they make themselves jobless.	15	22

essay37.txt	2	Regardless of the competition between teams, their emotions are always released in a safe way due to the sole passion of the sport	Regardless of the competition between teams, their emotions are always released in a safe way due to the sole passion of the sport.	14	23

essay08.txt	2	This can have a detrimental effect on their health	This can have a detrimental effect on their health, since they are likely to develop many dangerous diseases, including obesity, heart attack and high blood-pressure.	15	19

essay85.txt	2	opponents of this system should try to comprehend the situation and take actions to prevent themselves from being victims of crime	Ergo, opponents of this system should try to comprehend the situation and take actions to prevent themselves from being victims of crime.	19	24

essay12.txt	2	Locker checks help students stay both physically and mentally healthy	Locker checks help students stay both physically and mentally healthy because it discourages students from bringing fire arms and especially drugs.	16	33

essay81.txt	2	if there is control over artists' ideas, they will definitely lose their sense of creativity in the long run	First and foremost, if there is control over artists' ideas, they will definitely lose their sense of creativity in the long run.	4	21

essay23.txt	2	it is not impossible to solve these problems, as long as some regulations and rules can be effectively implemented	Nevertheless, it is not impossible to solve these problems, as long as some regulations and rules can be effectively implemented.	8	19

essay55.txt	2	with some basic knowledge of diverse fields, students have more options in choosing specialized areas or jobs in the future	In the first place, with some basic knowledge of diverse fields, students have more options in choosing specialized areas or jobs in the future.	7	19

essay12.txt	2	malicious students bring drugs and weapons to school and store them in the lockers	These checks are required because malicious students bring drugs and weapons to school and store them in the lockers.	4	33

essay11.txt	2	Camping can take you to Yosemite, or into the Band Lands of South Dakota	Camping can take you to Yosemite, or into the Band Lands of South Dakota.	23	64

essay06.txt	2	One out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of cardiovascular diseases, which results in more than forty-five percent of deaths annually	One out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of cardiovascular diseases, which results in more than forty-five percent of deaths annually.	9	40

essay06.txt	2	cardiovascular diseases are becoming more and more common	Americans are eating enormous amounts of fast foods these days, so cardiovascular diseases are becoming more and more common.	8	40

essay24.txt	2	a few children use computer for studying purpose	Some social surveys have shown that a few children use computer for studying purpose, most of them are attracted by facebook, blog, etc. instead.	10	14

essay89.txt	2	a student decides to learn about chemical reactions from books	For instance, a student decides to learn about chemical reactions from books.	15	24

essay38.txt	2	About ten years ago, mobile phones ware very expensive for most members of my country, only a few of rich individuals have enough money to buy one	About ten years ago, mobile phones ware very expensive for most members of my country, only a few of rich individuals have enough money to buy one.	6	19

essay65.txt	2	the former is more essential, non-profit oriented to the public and can be accessed by the majority of citizens	To summarize, I strongly agree that budgets should be allocated more on medical care and education rather than on building entertaining facilities, because the former is more essential, non-profit oriented to the public and can be accessed by the majority of citizens.	15	16

essay70.txt	2	cultivating a sense of environmental protection would also work out	Meanwhile, cultivating a sense of environmental protection would also work out, though it might not be into effect immediately, but in the long run, it would be a wise choice.	13	15

essay07.txt	2	to obtain information, using the internet is quicker and more convenient than reading newspapers	First of all, to obtain information, using the internet is quicker and more convenient than reading newspapers.	5	19

essay57.txt	2	Bangladeshi writer Taslima Nasrin was accused of acting against the government, just because she raised a social issue	For instance, Bangladeshi writer Taslima Nasrin was accused of acting against the government, just because she raised a social issue.	10	23

essay15.txt	2	Before email and mobile phone, human beings communicated by meeting directly, sending letters or later, calling from home phones	Before email and mobile phone, human beings communicated by meeting directly, sending letters or later, calling from home phones.	5	19

essay06.txt	2	America's number one killer is cardiovascular diseases, which can easily be prevented by exercising	America's number one killer is cardiovascular diseases, which can easily be prevented by exercising.	2	40

essay26.txt	2	some research has apparently demonstrated that prepared foods are unable to support enough nutrients we need, especially for children who are growing up	It is truth that cooking prepared foods needs much less time in comparison with the fresh food., whereas some research has apparently demonstrated that prepared foods are unable to support enough nutrients we need, especially for children who are growing up .	9	16

essay62.txt	2	Both genders are the fulcrum of the society	Both genders are the fulcrum of the society and none of them is superior or inferior.	20	23

essay26.txt	2	there are usually some articles in newspapers and magazines which report the relationship between certain chemical components in some food and diseases	For instance, there are usually some articles in newspapers and magazines which report the relationship between certain chemical components in some food and diseases.	6	16

essay42.txt	2	they will be feeling more cared for and therefore do their best for their bosses	Alternatively, providing a more secured and relaxing environment for workers can fundamentally boost their productivity since they will be feeling more cared for and therefore do their best for their bosses.	11	12

essay18.txt	2	Every university designs its courses according to the need of employers	Every university designs its courses according to the need of employers.	13	24

essay62.txt	2	both genders have equal rights	Thus, I firmly believe that both genders have equal rights and universities should accept them in equal numbers.	18	23

essay54.txt	2	modern technology make it possible	Although modern technology make it possible, I still believe some museums and art galleries will not disappear.	2	11

essay59.txt	2	They have the life of a person at their discretion	They have the life of a person at their discretion.	17	26

essay67.txt	2	these negative things objectively exist on this planet	I absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents; however, in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide – these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art.	10	12

essay60.txt	2	It varies from individual to individual, how they utilise that period	It varies from individual to individual, how they utilise that period.	21	27

essay27.txt	2	most developing countries are lack of educational resources, such as experienced teachers, evaluation systems and teaching facilities, which is usually neglected by local authorities	For instance, most developing countries are lack of educational resources, such as experienced teachers, evaluation systems and teaching facilities, which is usually neglected by local authorities.	6	15

essay15.txt	2	we can see today about the use of these new means	I am in favor of that idea because of their advantages and the fact we can see today about the use of these new means.	3	19

essay69.txt	2	Gone are the days when women could do nothing rather than stick to boring house work and take care of children	Gone are the days when women could do nothing rather than stick to boring house work and take care of children.	5	15

essay48.txt	2	students who were tired of commuting had to attend schools nearby, regardless of any differences in teaching facilities, teacher's qualifications or the school reputation	In earlier times, students who were tired of commuting had to attend schools nearby, regardless of any differences in teaching facilities, teacher's qualifications or the school reputation.	4	14

essay02.txt	2	In this new environment, parent should find friends coming from their same country so that they can socialize in a very familiar manner as feeling being home	In this new environment, parent should find friends coming from their same country so that they can socialize in a very familiar manner as feeling being home.	12	17

essay40.txt	2	Part-time jobs furnish them with precious chance to practice what they are learning at their universities	Part-time jobs furnish them with precious chance to practice what they are learning at their universities.	5	19

essay80.txt	2	Zoos provide educational information about the lives of different animals to the public	Zoos provide educational information about the lives of different animals to the public.	11	17

essay20.txt	2	As house heating is a major need in the winter time, some households do not consider to use filters to reduce the amount of pollution that the heating causes	As house heating is a major need in the winter time, some households do not consider to use filters to reduce the amount of pollution that the heating causes.	8	14

essay07.txt	2	The internet has been more and more popular for recent years, providing people with a huge source of information	The internet has been more and more popular for recent years, providing people with a huge source of information.	1	19

essay06.txt	2	the heart doesn't have to work as hard as it does with weak muscles	When your heart muscle is strong it can do the same amount of work at a lower heart rate, so the heart doesn't have to work as hard as it does with weak muscles.	14	40

essay42.txt	2	Take Google for example, the company offers recreation rooms and extra personal leaves for their workers to develop a more relaxing and supportive workforce	Take Google for example, the company offers recreation rooms and extra personal leaves for their workers to develop a more relaxing and supportive workforce.	8	12

essay21.txt	2	They make the product preferable	They make the product preferable.	19	21

essay11.txt	2	It can be amazing how different the same object can look throughout the day	It can be amazing how different the same object can look throughout the day.	28	64

essay06.txt	2	Exercise not only reduces the risk of health problems and various diseases, but it also has an effect on overall appearance	Exercise not only reduces the risk of health problems and various diseases, but it also has an effect on overall appearance.	3	40

essay11.txt	2	Feeling the warm rays of the sun hit the face is always a welcome sensation	Feeling the warm rays of the sun hit the face is always a welcome sensation.	13	64

essay73.txt	2	this is different when words are used to explain what the illustration is about	Nonetheless, this is different when words are used to explain what the illustration is about.	13	18

essay73.txt	2	the magnificent photograph captured by Kevin Carter, which portrayed a starving Sudanese child struck by extreme poverty has successfully highlighted the plight faced by the citizens in Sudan	Not only that, the magnificent photograph captured by Kevin Carter, which portrayed a starving Sudanese child struck by extreme poverty has successfully highlighted the plight faced by the citizens in Sudan.	8	18

essay84.txt	2	the money instead of being used to supply the electronic gadget can be used for other useful purposes for the country	This is because the money instead of being used to supply the electronic gadget can be used for other useful purposes for the country.	11	22

essay32.txt	2	If people in rich countries ponder poor people suffering from poverty and diseases, they would never take their abundance for granted	If people in rich countries ponder poor people suffering from poverty and diseases, they would never take their abundance for granted.	12	19

essay32.txt	2	republic of Korea used to be the poorest country even compared to others in Africa in 1960's	In actual, republic of Korea used to be the poorest country even compared to others in Africa in 1960's.	9	19

essay11.txt	2	These well planned meals are sometimes the best meals that campers have ever had	These well planned meals are sometimes the best meals that campers have ever had.	47	64

essay60.txt	2	when students start their university studies after a break, they will feel fresh and full of energy to take the new challenge	Importantly, when students start their university studies after a break, they will feel fresh and full of energy to take the new challenge.	8	27

essay34.txt	2	studying at school is always the best choice for children's future	Even though there are some advantages of leaving school to find a job, studying at school is always the best choice for children's future.	16	18

essay14.txt	2	They all enrich our daily lives	They all enrich our daily lives.	3	19

essay11.txt	2	Camping doesn't discriminate, doesn't have deadlines and has nothing but fun around each corner	Camping doesn't discriminate, doesn't have deadlines and has nothing but fun around each corner.	61	64

essay48.txt	2	this way of learning is superior than online degrees	A matter of considerable controversy at present is the issue of whether distance-learning should be promoted as much as possible, or rather attending lectures in person should be allowed to take a predominant place in universities because this way of learning is superior than online degrees.	1	14

essay62.txt	2	none of them is superior or inferior	Both genders are the fulcrum of the society and none of them is superior or inferior.	20	23

essay80.txt	2	animals should be considered non-human persons	First, critics of zoology argue that keeping animals in captivity is wrong because animals should be considered non-human persons and they should have the right of having freedom.	4	17

essay61.txt	2	They have even invaded mental health of humans, for example , FAD (Facebook Addiction Disorder- excessive use of social networking website Facebook)	They have even invaded mental health of humans, for example , FAD (Facebook Addiction Disorder- excessive use of social networking website Facebook).	22	30

essay83.txt	2	If each country pursues the fusion and fission process some of them may try to mold it for millitary usage	If each country pursues the fusion and fission process some of them may try to mold it for millitary usage.	6	15

essay72.txt	2	Everyone of us deserves a second chance in life	Everyone of us deserves a second chance in life.	18	22

essay50.txt	2	music can help an individual to shape its character	On the other hand, music can help an individual to shape its character.	18	20

essay60.txt	2	they go in a utopia	When students work during these breaks, the feel of money gives them an illusion that such salary is enough for them and they go in a utopia.	16	27

essay14.txt	2	It is teachers that help them with obstacles in schooling	It is teachers that help them with obstacles in schooling.	8	19

essay48.txt	2	Thanks to the economical online-teaching, universities and colleges are able to offer grants for students who have outstanding academic achievements but are unable to attend schools because of financial constrains	Thanks to the economical online-teaching, universities and colleges are able to offer grants for students who have outstanding academic achievements but are unable to attend schools because of financial constrains.	8	14

essay45.txt	2	there are other pressing demands on the government expenditure, such as health care service and education	Besides, there are other pressing demands on the government expenditure, such as health care service and education, so addressing unemployment should have low priority.	6	14

essay03.txt	2	Take Cambodia for example, a large number of visitors coming to visit the Angkowat ancient temple need services like restaurants, hotels, souvenir shops and other stores	Take Cambodia for example, a large number of visitors coming to visit the Angkowat ancient temple need services like restaurants, hotels, souvenir shops and other stores.	4	13

essay26.txt	2	it can effectively save time which is considered as money in our modern society	Nowadays, more and more people begin to select prepared food as their daily meals, since it can effectively save time which is considered as money in our modern society.	1	16

essay88.txt	2	The relationship among them can be so close that they usually attend the birthday party of one of their neighboring people	The relationship among them can be so close that they usually attend the birthday party of one of their neighboring people.	15	25

essay70.txt	2	it might not be into effect immediately	Meanwhile, cultivating a sense of environmental protection would also work out, though it might not be into effect immediately, but in the long run, it would be a wise choice.	13	15

essay01.txt	2	the significance of competition is that how to become more excellence to gain the victory	On the other hand, the significance of competition is that how to become more excellence to gain the victory.	9	17

essay79.txt	2	This means preserving local arts may promote the preservation of the local cultural heritage, which not only helps the local people have a sense of belonging but also contributes to the booming local tourism industry	This means preserving local arts may promote the preservation of the local cultural heritage, which not only helps the local people have a sense of belonging but also contributes to the booming local tourism industry.	15	19

essay62.txt	2	It helps them how to behave and cooperate and work together	It helps them how to behave and cooperate and work together.	9	23

essay59.txt	2	When a criminal becomes a threat to the society, such that they can commit heinous crimes, then they are given capital punishment	When a criminal becomes a threat to the society, such that they can commit heinous crimes, then they are given capital punishment.	9	26

essay45.txt	2	it is benefitial to the society as a whole when the jobless can make contribution again	After all, it is benefitial to the society as a whole when the jobless can make contribution again.	12	14

essay27.txt	2	some powerful countries provide financial support in order to acquire the right to exploit the local resources and target the local labour market	This means some powerful countries provide financial support in order to acquire the right to exploit the local resources and target the local labour market.	10	15

essay32.txt	2	just giving aid to impoverished countries could be manipulated by big power countries	It is true that just giving aid to impoverished countries could be manipulated by big power countries.	3	19

essay16.txt	2	it is indisputable that every new kind food or pill may be noxious	To begin with, it is indisputable that every new kind food or pill may be noxious, and scientists must do something to insure that the new invention benefits people instead of making people ill or even dying.	8	13

essay15.txt	2	People can send or receive electronic letters anywhere and anytime they want	People can send or receive electronic letters anywhere and anytime they want.	8	19

essay10.txt	2	Civil rights are something people have worked hard to maintain over the years, abolishing slavery and treating women equally	Civil rights are something people have worked hard to maintain over the years, abolishing slavery and treating women equally.	20	32

essay47.txt	2	wild life would be taken good care from professionals	Preserving wild animals in zoos is an issue which frequently generates a great deal of heated debate, with supporters maintaining that wild life would be taken good care from professionals, while opponents claim that the animals are deprived of freedom as a result of staying in zoos.	1	14

essay01.txt	2	What we acquired from team work is not only how to achieve the same goal with others but more importantly, how to get along with others	What we acquired from team work is not only how to achieve the same goal with others but more importantly, how to get along with others.	6	17

essay01.txt	2	In order to survive in the competition, companies continue to improve their products and service, and as a result, the whole society prospers	In order to survive in the competition, companies continue to improve their products and service, and as a result, the whole society prospers.	2	17

essay80.txt	2	The animals are often undernourished and do not have sufficient quality and quantity of medical treatment	The animals are often undernourished and do not have sufficient quality and quantity of medical treatment.	7	17

essay58.txt	2	It helps to identify one's strengths and weaknesses as compared to others	It helps to identify one's strengths and weaknesses as compared to others.	12	30

essay78.txt	2	unchecked and reckless uses of the local raw materials may happen, which can put a strain on the natural resources	As a result, unchecked and reckless uses of the local raw materials may happen, which can put a strain on the natural resources.	7	18

essay38.txt	2	the progress of material technology leads to the sharp fall of price of a great number of products	In the first instance, the progress of material technology leads to the sharp fall of price of a great number of products.	5	19

essay43.txt	2	This example demonstrates how people might take numerous elements from their roots and history to proudly display them while supporting their team	This example demonstrates how people might take numerous elements from their roots and history to proudly display them while supporting their team.	12	16

essay09.txt	2	Otherwise they're going to do whatever they can to save the marijuana black market	Otherwise they're going to do whatever they can to save the marijuana black market.	17	35

essay06.txt	2	Exercising gives people energy, which helps people have positive outlooks on life	Exercising gives people energy, which helps people have positive outlooks on life and it helps relieves tension and stress.	21	40

essay79.txt	2	the government plays the role of a leader among citizens, which should discharge the responsibility of making optimal use of the tax money to keep society safe and stable	This is because the government plays the role of a leader among citizens, which should discharge the responsibility of making optimal use of the tax money to keep society safe and stable.	5	19

essay74.txt	2	the preservations need a long time to gather, restore all information as well as train in the educational centre	In addition, the preservations need a long time to gather, restore all information as well as train in the educational centre.	14	18

essay50.txt	2	if musical activity involves many participants, there will be co-operation and developed team work in the group, which is, of course, beneficial in their future life	Moreover, if musical activity involves many participants, there will be co-operation and developed team work in the group, which is, of course, beneficial in their future life.	7	20

essay35.txt	2	Advertising also helps to keep prices at reasonable levels, creates a fair environment for commercial competition	Advertising also helps to keep prices at reasonable levels, creates a fair environment for commercial competition.	11	15

essay19.txt	2	many visitors nowadays may choose to come to museums just for pleasure or as one of the activities that they take part in their holiday trips	Another point is that many visitors nowadays may choose to come to museums just for pleasure or as one of the activities that they take part in their holiday trips.	6	14

essay10.txt	2	it is no different	So it's unfair to make same sex marriage seem inferior when it is no different.	16	32

essay32.txt	2	there are abovementioned three key points of positive effects of aid; supporting poor countries to make its economy strong and building humane concepts to people, keeping strong global economy	In conclusion, there are abovementioned three key points of positive effects of aid; supporting poor countries to make its economy strong and building humane concepts to people, keeping strong global economy.	17	19

essay75.txt	2	knowledge and wisdom is the guarantee of the enhancement of the quality of people's lives for a well-rounded social system	This is simply because knowledge and wisdom is the guarantee of the enhancement of the quality of people's lives for a well-rounded social system.	4	9

essay77.txt	2	various animals could be better protected by specialized staff	In contrast, zoo is a good alternative choice for protecting animals as various animals could be better protected by specialized staff.	5	17

essay02.txt	2	maintaining one’s cultural identity is a key important rule to help individuals emerge in the new multicultural environments	Firstly, maintaining one’s cultural identity is a key important rule to help individuals emerge in the new multicultural environments.	5	17

essay89.txt	2	if he goes to the library and carries out the reactions, he is certain to have a thorough grasp of the phenomena seen	Meanwhile, if he goes to the library and carries out the reactions, he is certain to have a thorough grasp of the phenomena seen.	18	24

essay58.txt	2	When co-operation and healthy competition is followed together, success, achievements, recognition and any goal becomes easier	When co-operation and healthy competition is followed together, success, achievements, recognition and any goal becomes easier.	29	30

essay03.txt	2	These demands trigger related business in the surrounding settings which in turn create many jobs for local people improve infrastructure and living standard	These demands trigger related business in the surrounding settings which in turn create many jobs for local people improve infrastructure and living standard.	5	13

essay68.txt	2	the violent crime rate will rise continuously and out of control someday	Otherwise, the violent crime rate will rise continuously and out of control someday.	12	13

essay49.txt	2	the wide spread use of these efficient and effective ways of communication costs a considerable amount of money	They further point out that the wide spread use of these efficient and effective ways of communication costs a considerable amount of money.	10	14

essay33.txt	2	globalization can be considered a chance for people of each country to promote their lifestyle through the stuffs and services imported from other countries	In addition, they admit that globalization can be considered a chance for people of each country to promote their lifestyle through the stuffs and services imported from other countries.	8	12

essay11.txt	2	Camping has no requirements other than willing participants	Camping has no requirements other than willing participants.	60	64

essay56.txt	2	English is making lesser-known languages disappear ever year	Admittedly, opponents may blame that English is making lesser-known languages disappear ever year.	14	20

essay40.txt	2	that seems to be more essential the present shortage of sufficiently practical conditions supplied in universities	In addition, that seems to be more essential the present shortage of sufficiently practical conditions supplied in universities.	6	19

essay65.txt	2	Their existences are based on their marketing strategies, the condition of facilities and the volume of audience	Their existences are based on their marketing strategies, the condition of facilities and the volume of audience.	8	16

essay63.txt	2	with the development of science and technology, more advanced kitchen facilities, such as the modern microwaves or the advanced pressure cookers, have been created and invented to help people prepare and cook food in a very short time	The first and foremost reason is that with the development of science and technology, more advanced kitchen facilities, such as the modern microwaves or the advanced pressure cookers, have been created and invented to help people prepare and cook food in a very short time.	5	22

essay11.txt	2	Campers often express how a feeling comes over their body when they reach the moment when the day to day turmoil leaves their body	Campers often express how a feeling comes over their body when they reach the moment when the day to day turmoil leaves their body.	29	64

essay58.txt	2	'Your loss, my gain' kind of competition can never be fruitful in the long run	'Your loss, my gain' kind of competition can never be fruitful in the long run.	22	30

essay58.txt	2	Competition has helped the development of science and technology	Competition has helped the development of science and technology.	17	30

essay22.txt	2	there are numerous job opportunities for those who do not have the certification of university graduation, such as mechanics, sales persons, or engineers	From their point of view, the fact is that there are numerous job opportunities for those who do not have the certification of university graduation, such as mechanics, sales persons, or engineers, and, furthermore, labors for graduates are in short supply.	5	14

essay08.txt	2	Medical advances can improve our health and cure many fatal diseases	Medical advances can improve our health and cure many fatal diseases.	9	19

essay19.txt	2	visiting museums is clearly seen as both means of entertainment and education	In conclusion, visiting museums is clearly seen as both means of entertainment and education.	12	14

essay18.txt	2	Female candidates also do not care about any restriction posed by the society and the employer	Female candidates also do not care about any restriction posed by the society and the employer.	22	24

essay44.txt	2	If the government encourage the use of nuclear, solar or wind energy there might not be any problem in distributing the required amount electricity	If the government encourage the use of nuclear, solar or wind energy there might not be any problem in distributing the required amount electricity.	8	16

essay32.txt	2	it is fundamental to support basic industry related factors such as light, electricity, load, highways, natural resources, technology and buildings for companies	To be out of poverty, it is fundamental to support basic industry related factors such as light, electricity, load, highways, natural resources, technology and buildings for companies.	7	19

essay63.txt	2	using technology or advanced facilities do not make food lose its nutrition and quality	However, as a matter of fact, using technology or advanced facilities do not make food lose its nutrition and quality.	16	22

essay75.txt	2	In order to make people better off, it is more urgent for governments to commit money to some fundamental help such as setting more scholarships in education section for all citizens	In order to make people better off, it is more urgent for governments to commit money to some fundamental help such as setting more scholarships in education section for all citizens.	3	9

essay16.txt	2	animal experiments have negative impact on the natural balance	Though animal experiments have negative impact on the natural balance, it is necessary to make sure that people can live a long life.	7	13

essay08.txt	2	a lot of people spend too much time using hi-tech devices nowadays	Second, a lot of people spend too much time using hi-tech devices nowadays.	13	19

essay17.txt	2	In these countries, citizens are in need for foods, corrupt and unemployment rate is at high level, the consequences of AIDS are devastating quickly	In these countries, citizens are in need for foods, corrupt and unemployment rate is at high level, the consequences of AIDS are devastating quickly.	6	15

essay24.txt	2	when they can not live without internet, they will have no time for their studying	Due to this neglect, they will have a bad result in school because when they can not live without internet, they will have no time for their studying.	11	14

essay47.txt	2	human beings are responsible for the heavy pollution and severe damage to the natural habitats of many wild animals	Given the fact that human beings are responsible for the heavy pollution and severe damage to the natural habitats of many wild animals, it is our responsibility to create a natural and safe environment for animals to live in.	4	14

essay02.txt	2	children immigrated to a new country will face social troubles in school with new friends	For instance, children immigrated to a new country will face social troubles in school with new friends.	11	17

essay46.txt	2	universities and be regarded as institutions where abundant educational resources gather	On the other hand, universities and be regarded as institutions where abundant educational resources gather.	8	13

essay20.txt	2	governments are responsible to provide a healthy enviorement for their inhabitants	In conclusion, due to the fact that governments are responsible to provide a healthy enviorement for their inhabitants and they should be responsible from cleaning up the air pollution, both companies and private individuals should take the main part to clean up the air pollution.	13	14

essay62.txt	2	Right to education is a basic human right of both, males and females	Right to education is a basic human right of both, males and females.	5	23

essay73.txt	2	nowadays horrendous images are displayed on the cigarette boxes to illustrate the consequences of smoking	For example, nowadays horrendous images are displayed on the cigarette boxes to illustrate the consequences of smoking.	6	18

essay87.txt	2	the price of petrol could be lower in the future	Due to the increasing number of petrol stations, the competition in this field is more and more fierce, thus the price of petrol could be lower in the future.	6	19

essay61.txt	2	it has fulfilled its objective	Computer was invented for the benefit of mankind and it has fulfilled its objective.	28	30

essay24.txt	2	most of them are attracted by facebook, blog, etc. instead	Some social surveys have shown that a few children use computer for studying purpose, most of them are attracted by facebook, blog, etc. instead.	10	14

essay70.txt	2	it is a promising method	As the impacts for those pollution and traffic issues are extremely far-reaching, it is insufficient to increase the petrol price only to solve problems, though it is a promising method discussed in the contemporary society.	3	15

essay53.txt	2	This in turn, causes lots of discomfort and pain to the cattle	This in turn, causes lots of discomfort and pain to the cattle.	11	18

essay31.txt	2	it leads to an increase of traffic accidents	What is worse, traffic congestion irritates drivers and as a result, it leads to an increase of traffic accidents.	10	21

essay81.txt	2	paintings by Da Vinci and Michallengo are admired even till now	For example, paintings by Da Vinci and Michallengo are admired even till now as they were not restricted during those times.	6	21

essay84.txt	2	when people without jobs have hand phones that have access to the Internet, they will be able to browse the net for more job opportunities	In a positive point of view, when people without jobs have hand phones that have access to the Internet, they will be able to browse the net for more job opportunities.	5	22

essay40.txt	2	high studying tuition, added with raising accommodation expenses are becoming a huge burden to students	Indeed, high studying tuition, added with raising accommodation expenses are becoming a huge burden to students.	13	19

essay80.txt	2	sometimes animals from hot countries have to survive in the cold winter of somewhere in Europe	In addition, sometimes animals from hot countries have to survive in the cold winter of somewhere in Europe.	8	17

essay45.txt	2	Tax revenue is collected from those who works	Tax revenue is collected from those who works.	4	14

essay08.txt	2	hi-tech devices also have a very positive impact on many aspects of our lives	In addition, hi-tech devices also have a very positive impact on many aspects of our lives.	7	19

essay35.txt	2	By casting famous singers in their television advertisement, motorcycles or clothes for example, sales increase significantly	By casting famous singers in their television advertisement, motorcycles or clothes for example, sales increase significantly since youngsters, as the target consumers, love celebrities.	7	15

essay11.txt	2	other than popping a vitamin pill, the only way that a body can produce vitamin D is through the exposure to the sun	The sun rays help the human body with the production of vitamin D. In fact, other than popping a vitamin pill, the only way that a body can produce vitamin D is through the exposure to the sun.	12	64

essay29.txt	2	Besides the gorvernment's policies on limited families and their husbands' sharing in the housework, many employers are willing to offer part-time jobs for women	Besides the gorvernment's policies on limited families and their husbands' sharing in the housework, many employers are willing to offer part-time jobs for women.	14	16

essay11.txt	2	There are so many places both near and far that are best experienced by spending a few days within the place	There are so many places both near and far that are best experienced by spending a few days within the place.	26	64

essay29.txt	2	Working outside home will bring a lot of benefits to both married woman and their household	Working outside home will bring a lot of benefits to both married woman and their household.	3	16

essay43.txt	2	when Irak was hardly struck by the Second Gulf War, its citizens tried to catch any incoming news about the FootballWorld Cup through their portable receivers	For example, when Irak was hardly struck by the Second Gulf War, its citizens tried to catch any incoming news about the FootballWorld Cup through their portable receivers.	6	16

essay52.txt	2	using English to replace them is crudity	Obviously, these languages have special significance for people who belong to them and using English to replace them is crudity.	13	16

essay12.txt	2	Random locker checks are not done to torment and/or invade the privacy of the students, but for many other important reasons which include school security	Random locker checks are not done to torment and/or invade the privacy of the students, but for many other important reasons which include school security.	3	33

essay71.txt	2	some of them express fake information, creating information asymmetry between consumers and companies	Of course, the advertising expenses lead to a higher product price and some of them express fake information, creating information asymmetry between consumers and companies.	10	15

essay30.txt	2	I don't think it is also fair for the government	In the other hand, I don't think it is also fair for the government as the government has been paying a lot of money for their students' primary and secondary education.	4	11

essay50.txt	2	time is the most valuable thing in life with increased pace	Nowadays, time is the most valuable thing in life with increased pace.	15	20

essay30.txt	2	They will be more responsible with their studies when they pay the fees themselves	They will be more responsible with their studies when they pay the fees themselves.	7	11

essay10.txt	2	Homosexual couples are no different	Homosexual couples are no different.	21	32

essay51.txt	2	the proliferation of GE food and factory farming are detrimental to people's health	Nonetheless, opponents of modern technology in agriculture would argue that the proliferation of GE food and factory farming are detrimental to people's health.	8	12

essay06.txt	2	if you truly want to improve your mental and physical health you will find the energy and time to exercise	Many people come up with plenty of excuses to not exercise; however, if you truly want to improve your mental and physical health you will find the energy and time to exercise.	36	40

essay76.txt	2	a great number of people, in fact, have had the capacity to pay for the both privately	On the other hand, some people oppose the argument, saying it is a waste of public money for the government to subsidize health care and education of each citizen in society, since a great number of people, in fact, have had the capacity to pay for the both privately.	9	14

essay05.txt	2	there are many difficulties a student might face when studying and living overseas	In conclusion, there are many difficulties a student might face when studying and living overseas.	12	14

essay72.txt	2	counselors can provide them with counseling and motivation to help them build a new life	On top of that, counselors can provide them with counseling and motivation to help them build a new life.	11	22

essay60.txt	2	the sole purpose of education is to nurture a young mind and not thrust studies on them	Importantly, the sole purpose of education is to nurture a young mind and not thrust studies on them.	23	27

essay33.txt	2	the idea of globalization put their inherited culture in danger of uncontrolled change and make them vulnerable against the attack of imperialistic governments	They think that the idea of globalization put their inherited culture in danger of uncontrolled change and make them vulnerable against the attack of imperialistic governments.	5	12

essay57.txt	2	Right from sculptures to paintings, books to drama and movies, all these artistic works have reflected the contemporary social issues of different eras	Right from sculptures to paintings, books to drama and movies, all these artistic works have reflected the contemporary social issues of different eras.	6	23

essay29.txt	2	working outside the house creates opportunities for married women to contact with the outer world, strengthen their character and show their capacity	Secondly, working outside the house creates opportunities for married women to contact with the outer world, strengthen their character and show their capacity.	9	16

essay24.txt	2	a typical example is the death of Korean gamer, who had a non-stop playing for 3 days	For instance, several teenagers play games without rest, which leads to health depression, a typical example is the death of Korean gamer, who had a non-stop playing for 3 days.	8	14

essay59.txt	2	capital punishment saves a lot of government funding which is wasted in maintenance of these hardcore criminals	Importantly, capital punishment saves a lot of government funding which is wasted in maintenance of these hardcore criminals.	14	26

essay26.txt	2	At the increasing living pace, the majority of people tend to choose microwave as their unique cooker that help them prepare a dish in five minutes	At the increasing living pace, the majority of people tend to choose microwave as their unique cooker that help them prepare a dish in five minutes.	12	16

essay81.txt	2	I believe that artists know their boundaries very well and would surely do not want their names tarnished just because of their unscrupulous acts	Nonetheless, I believe that artists know their boundaries very well and would surely do not want their names tarnished just because of their unscrupulous acts.	17	21

essay87.txt	2	some families purchase even more than three cars just for their own sake	Moreover, some families purchase even more than three cars just for their own sake.	8	19

essay49.txt	2	Anyone who aims to use these innovations have to not only pay for the appliances such as a mobile phone or a computer but also cover up costs for communication services	Anyone who aims to use these innovations have to not only pay for the appliances such as a mobile phone or a computer but also cover up costs for communication services.	11	14

essay06.txt	2	The more body fat that you have, the greater your risk for heart disease	The more body fat that you have, the greater your risk for heart disease.	11	40

essay02.txt	2	they need a connection back to their country as well as teach their children their value of origin	Secondly, it is crucial to keep one’s identity for they need a connection back to their country as well as teach their children their value of origin.	10	17

essay17.txt	2	The poor countries are buried in debts which are caused by loans they borrowed from The World Bank and the rich countries	The poor countries are buried in debts which are caused by loans they borrowed from The World Bank and the rich countries.	3	15

essay06.txt	2	they can improve their lives in many ways	Everyone should take time out of their days to exercise, so they can improve their lives in many ways.	37	40

essay13.txt	2	You even have the choice of printing your own ticket or just pick it up at the airport at the day of your departure	You even have the choice of printing your own ticket or just pick it up at the airport at the day of your departure.	5	13

essay11.txt	2	Campers can come from every state, and sometimes different countries	Campers can come from every state, and sometimes different countries.	52	64

essay69.txt	2	Women nowadays are much more active	Women nowadays are much more active, they may be successful businessmen, they join the political world, they become scientists and so on.	6	15

essay04.txt	2	Take Thailand for example, in the Vietnam War, many American soldiers came to Thailand for a break and involved in sexual and drug activities, these huge demands caused many local businesses opened and expanded, even illegally involved in under-age prostitutes to maximise their profits	Take Thailand for example, in the Vietnam War, many American soldiers came to Thailand for a break and involved in sexual and drug activities, these huge demands caused many local businesses opened and expanded, even illegally involved in under-age prostitutes to maximise their profits.	4	13

essay16.txt	2	scientists must do something to insure that the new invention benefits people instead of making people ill or even dying	To begin with, it is indisputable that every new kind food or pill may be noxious, and scientists must do something to insure that the new invention benefits people instead of making people ill or even dying.	8	13

essay44.txt	2	the major source of energy today is water	Firstly, the major source of energy today is water.	4	16

essay90.txt	2	some employees are reluctant to live in the rural areas only due to the relocation of their workplaces	This is because some employees are reluctant to live in the rural areas only due to the relocation of their workplaces.	9	20

essay22.txt	2	many researches in the ivory-tower have created ingenious discoveries and achievements for the development of modern society	More importantly, many researches in the ivory-tower have created ingenious discoveries and achievements for the development of modern society.	10	14

essay41.txt	2	In most school curriculums, the courses are theoretical and often by instructors speaking to students sitting in the classroom	In most school curriculums, the courses are theoretical and often by instructors speaking to students sitting in the classroom.	4	11

essay64.txt	2	Unlike most modern games which focus on the interactions between children and machines, traditional games provide a relaxing and enjoyable atmosphere where children can chat, laugh and cooperate face to face	Unlike most modern games which focus on the interactions between children and machines, traditional games provide a relaxing and enjoyable atmosphere where children can chat, laugh and cooperate face to face.	10	18

essay62.txt	2	Time and again, women have proved their mettle in every field	Time and again, women have proved their mettle in every field.	16	23

essay53.txt	2	Another example of this is cage farming which is against animal rights	Another example of this is cage farming which is against animal rights.	13	18

essay40.txt	2	By constant communicating with other colleagues daily in a company environment where their new ideas can be raised without hesitation, then students' confidence could be significantly gained	By constant communicating with other colleagues daily in a company environment where their new ideas can be raised without hesitation, then students' confidence could be significantly gained.	10	19

essay73.txt	2	the importance of written word can never be denied	Nevertheless, the importance of written word can never be denied as it is also another way of communication that is commonly used.	3	18

essay82.txt	2	to consumers, advertising can bring them many benefits	Also, to consumers, advertising can bring them many benefits.	6	15

essay64.txt	2	children have the chance to experience the state-of-the-art technology, raising their awareness of innovation rather than stay conservative	At the same time, children have the chance to experience the state-of-the-art technology, raising their awareness of innovation rather than stay conservative.	7	18

essay02.txt	2	Many Australians come this day to enjoy the shows, learn about the cultures and admire the diverse values	Many Australians come this day to enjoy the shows, learn about the cultures and admire the diverse values.	7	17

essay81.txt	2	In case there is anyone who brings up some sensitive issues in their films or books regarding any races, this might end up in some chaos among the society	In case there is anyone who brings up some sensitive issues in their films or books regarding any races, this might end up in some chaos among the society.	16	21

essay89.txt	2	the practicability is one of the most essential factors of knowledge	Next, the practicability is one of the most essential factors of knowledge.	11	24

essay14.txt	2	when they are in primary school, teachers teach them more further knowledge, like writing skills and using computers	And when they are in primary school, teachers teach them more further knowledge, like writing skills and using computers.	7	19

essay72.txt	2	if the addicts are sent to rehabilitation centres, they will treated for their addiction	Instead, if the addicts are sent to rehabilitation centres, they will treated for their addiction.	10	22

essay41.txt	2	the internship, although without pay, can give them the experiences that money cannot buy	For this reason, the internship, although without pay, can give them the experiences that money cannot buy.	6	11

essay86.txt	2	Old knowledge is applied to particular problems during research and solutions found often bring about innovations in culture and technology to promote human and communities to step forward	Old knowledge is applied to particular problems during research and solutions found often bring about innovations in culture and technology to promote human and communities to step forward.	10	13

essay32.txt	2	a great amount of materials and money have poor countries being corrupted and politically dependent on other countries	In addition, a great amount of materials and money have poor countries being corrupted and politically dependent on other countries.	4	19

essay35.txt	2	the price as well as the choice will not be so selective	Otherwise the market may be monopolistic, and the price as well as the choice will not be so selective.	12	15

essay21.txt	2	Advertisement is the most effective way to create a well-known product	Advertisement is the most effective way to create a well-known product.	13	21

essay35.txt	2	the quality obviously is not relatively important	Since having these products shows their status, the quality obviously is not relatively important.	8	15

essay88.txt	2	there are more trees and lakes in towns than in cities	It seems to me that there are more trees and lakes in towns than in cities.	18	25

essay85.txt	2	the use of CCTV has plenty of benefits to offer, especially in reducing crimes and protecting the employees in a premise	It is undeniable that the use of CCTV has plenty of benefits to offer, especially in reducing crimes and protecting the employees in a premise.	3	24

essay37.txt	2	For the time of occasions, people regardless of nationality, origin and religion will live together	For the time of occasions, people regardless of nationality, origin and religion will live together.	5	23

essay88.txt	2	The urban environment, however, is so artificial with only buildings and vehicles	The urban environment, however, is so artificial with only buildings and vehicles.	20	25

essay40.txt	2	By taking on an extra job, students can partly alleviate some their problematic matters such as working experience, confidence and accommodation	By taking on an extra job, students can partly alleviate some their problematic matters such as working experience, confidence and accommodation.	17	19

essay90.txt	2	This can be best illustrated with the example of the married workers	This can be best illustrated with the example of the married workers.	10	20

essay10.txt	2	Same sex couples just want the benefits of being married like everyone else	Same sex couples just want the benefits of being married like everyone else and there is no proof saying that it is wrong for them to have those benefits.	9	32

essay49.txt	2	the access to these tools of communication is available in every corner of the world	Furthermore, it is generally felt that the access to these tools of communication is available in every corner of the world.	6	14

essay31.txt	2	alternative forms which emit less carbon dioxides and gasses than automobiles are ideal	With regard to the former, alternative forms which emit less carbon dioxides and gasses than automobiles are ideal.	13	21

essay14.txt	2	Discovery Channel has many instructive episodes	For instance, Discovery Channel has many instructive episodes.	14	19

essay59.txt	2	Capital punishment is essential to control violence in the society	Capital punishment is essential to control violence in the society.	22	26

essay58.txt	2	A person can not learn or achieve everything by oneself	A person can not learn or achieve everything by oneself.	7	30

essay90.txt	2	it cannot alter the situation essentially and instead it may give rise to new concerns in rural areas	However, from my perspective, I suppose this suggestion is not advisable, for it cannot alter the situation essentially and instead it may give rise to new concerns in rural areas.	3	20

essay86.txt	2	Systematic and comprehensive training programs in specific fields urge people to master information required quickly and thoroughly	Systematic and comprehensive training programs in specific fields urge people to master information required quickly and thoroughly.	6	13

essay79.txt	2	they require various entertainment such as music, movies or books to them ease their minds and release pressure	Consequently, they require various entertainment such as music, movies or books to them ease their minds and release pressure.	11	19

essay69.txt	2	everything has it upside and downside	Yet everything has it upside and downside, women should find the best way to overcome such challenges.	13	15

essay72.txt	2	in the prisons, there would not be any programs or talks that can enlighten and transform them as well as change their perspectives towards drugs	This is because, in the prisons, there would not be any programs or talks that can enlighten and transform them as well as change their perspectives towards drugs.	8	22

essay89.txt	2	it is right to the bulk of people	Therefore, knowledge acquired from books is greatly accepted, which means that it is right to the bulk of people.	6	24

essay52.txt	2	English is a sophisticated language	Even English is a sophisticated language; it does not express every detail of life especially in Asia countries, which have totally different linguistic system.	11	16

essay47.txt	2	if rural animals are captured in the zoo for a long period, it would have negative influences on both the physical and psychological status of the creatures	Moreover, if rural animals are captured in the zoo for a long period, it would have negative influences on both the physical and psychological status of the creatures.	6	14

essay24.txt	2	When they concentrate on computer for too long, their eyes will get tired, which is the main reason for some eyes problems, typically shortsighted	When they concentrate on computer for too long, their eyes will get tired, which is the main reason for some eyes problems, typically shortsighted.	5	14

essay55.txt	2	most students regard the extra knowledge useless and impractical for their future jobs	Besides, most students regard the extra knowledge useless and impractical for their future jobs.	11	19

essay69.txt	2	the "weaker" gender as often be thought has enough right as well as ability to contribute to the development of human beings just like any other men	This is to say, the "weaker" gender as often be thought has enough right as well as ability to contribute to the development of human beings just like any other men, not to mention they even perform better in some fields.	7	15

essay18.txt	2	we must give them opportunity to achieve their goal	So we must give them opportunity to achieve their goal.	23	24

essay28.txt	2	Ads will keep as well informed about new products and services	Ads will keep as well informed about new products and services, but we should also bear in mind that advertising cigarettes and alcohol will definitely affect our children in negative way.	18	19

essay69.txt	2	they even perform better in some fields	This is to say, the "weaker" gender as often be thought has enough right as well as ability to contribute to the development of human beings just like any other men, not to mention they even perform better in some fields.	7	15

essay89.txt	2	This method is likely to be fast, simple, and even safe	This method is likely to be fast, simple, and even safe.	16	24

essay08.txt	2	They abuse them so severely that they feel they can hardly live without them	They abuse them so severely that they feel they can hardly live without them.	14	19

essay49.txt	2	With the click of a button, the vast amount of information can be transmitted from America to China in just a few seconds	With the click of a button, the vast amount of information can be transmitted from America to China in just a few seconds.	5	14

essay88.txt	2	The atmosphere in suburban area brings me peaceful feeling	The atmosphere in suburban area brings me peaceful feeling.	3	25

essay18.txt	2	They must consider the academic record of the student as main criteria of admission	They must consider the academic record of the student as main criteria of admission.	11	24

essay26.txt	2	Cooking is not a waste of time	Cooking is not a waste of time, contrarily, it is crucial for our health and culture.	15	16

essay78.txt	2	people in the poverty-stricken areas are not likely to be equipped with knowledge to preserve the ecosystems	Besides, people in the poverty-stricken areas are not likely to be equipped with knowledge to preserve the ecosystems.	6	18

essay47.txt	2	they also escape from isolation and depression	By way of conclusion, it is my belief that wild animals should be set free from zoos not only because they have the right to enjoy freedom but they also escape from isolation and depression.	13	14

essay88.txt	2	I can not adapt myself to such an environment	I can not adapt myself to such an environment.	21	25

essay10.txt	2	not allowing them to marry makes them seem inferior	Same sex marriage should be legal for a number of reasons, a few being, it's no one else's business if two men or two women want to get married, not allowing them to marry makes them seem inferior, and it rids them of their civil rights.	3	32

essay35.txt	2	huge cooperation hire celebrities as the face of their product	By which I mean, huge cooperation hire celebrities as the face of their product.	6	15

essay30.txt	2	they need to make some contribution too for their children future	Furthermore, this will encourage all the parents to think of the way to help their children to achieve more in their lives as they need to make some contribution too for their children future.	9	11

essay11.txt	2	This is specifically when they are experiencing nature and the realization is made how much simpler life is when outside with nature	This is specifically when they are experiencing nature and the realization is made how much simpler life is when outside with nature.	31	64

essay58.txt	2	Co-operation is essential for teamwork	Co-operation is essential for teamwork.	4	30

essay61.txt	2	Computers expose children to vulgar materials	Computers expose children to vulgar materials.	21	30

essay20.txt	2	some expensive wehicles cause a huge amount of pollution	Instead of this, some expensive wehicles cause a huge amount of pollution.	9	14

essay59.txt	2	if an individual murders someone for self-defence, then such a crime is not heinous	For example, if an individual murders someone for self-defence, then such a crime is not heinous.	20	26

essay06.txt	2	active people are less likely to have depression and anxiety	It also showed that active people are less likely to have depression and anxiety.	20	40

essay62.txt	2	Educational rights must be given to both genders	Educational rights must be given to both genders.	22	23

essay59.txt	2	Only deserving criminals, who commit such hateful crimes in their proper senses are subjected to capital punishment	Only deserving criminals, who commit such hateful crimes in their proper senses are subjected to capital punishment.	21	26

essay06.txt	2	Americans are eating enormous amounts of fast foods these days	Americans are eating enormous amounts of fast foods these days, so cardiovascular diseases are becoming more and more common.	8	40

essay89.txt	2	the result is not always the same in reality	However, the result is not always the same in reality because it also depends on the height, the purity of the water, and even the measuring tool.	9	24

essay06.txt	2	this condition can easily be prevented or controlled by exercising	However, this condition can easily be prevented or controlled by exercising.	12	40

essay72.txt	2	this is mainly due to the society not accepting the prisoners as a part of them	Nonetheless, I believe that this is mainly due to the society not accepting the prisoners as a part of them.	13	22

essay85.txt	2	privacies are lost with the use of these cameras	Admittedly, privacies are lost with the use of these cameras.	22	24

essay57.txt	2	creative artists like Michaelangelo, Picasso, Salman Rushdie, Shakespeare etc. have made artistic works which gave a social message	Time and again, creative artists like Michaelangelo, Picasso, Salman Rushdie, Shakespeare etc. have made artistic works which gave a social message.	5	23

essay11.txt	2	The sun rays help the human body with the production of vitamin D	The sun rays help the human body with the production of vitamin D. In fact, other than popping a vitamin pill, the only way that a body can produce vitamin D is through the exposure to the sun.	12	64

essay65.txt	2	a physical damaged person, resulting from the lack of medical treatment, may no longer participate in any sports games	As a matter of fact, an uneducated person may barely appreciate musicals, whereas a physical damaged person, resulting from the lack of medical treatment, may no longer participate in any sports games.	5	16

essay15.txt	2	language in writing is not in its original form	The outcome is that language in writing is not in its original form.	13	19

essay77.txt	2	being caged in the zoos for long render wildlife lost the ability to survive in nature where is full of cruel competition among various animals	Also, being caged in the zoos for long render wildlife lost the ability to survive in nature where is full of cruel competition among various animals.	14	17

essay38.txt	2	only the rich people have ability to afford the expensive high-tech products	To some extent, the gap between rich people and poor is widen by technology, because only the rich people have ability to afford the expensive high-tech products, and these products can help them to earn more in return.	15	19

essay80.txt	2	Many people, especially young children enjoy going to zoos and see their favorite animals, cute baby-born animals and the animals that are from the different corners of the world	Many people, especially young children enjoy going to zoos and see their favorite animals, cute baby-born animals and the animals that are from the different corners of the world.	10	17

essay78.txt	2	electronic bicycles powered by clean energy resources have been well received among people in recent years	For example, electronic bicycles powered by clean energy resources have been well received among people in recent years.	11	18

essay62.txt	2	students studying in boy's colleges do not generally know how to talk to a female or behave in front of them	For example, students studying in boy's colleges do not generally know how to talk to a female or behave in front of them.	10	23

essay31.txt	2	some people claim the convenience of automobile	In summary, even though some people claim the convenience of automobile, I would state that alternative forms of transport and international laws on controlling automobiles are necessary due to the environmental protection and the alleviation of traffic congestion.	20	21

essay85.txt	2	safety should be put first in order to be safe	Nonetheless, safety should be put first in order to be safe.	23	24

essay27.txt	2	developing education and improving national technology and science level are the path they have to undergo if they really want to alter current situation	And it has been proven that developing education and improving national technology and science level are the path they have to undergo if they really want to alter current situation.	14	15

essay66.txt	2	Only when traditional culture is integrated with the modern technology can it be developed in the long run	Only when traditional culture is integrated with the modern technology can it be developed in the long run.	17	18

essay61.txt	2	Computers have intruded our lives to the effect that a satellite can peep into our homes and privates lives	Computers have intruded our lives to the effect that a satellite can peep into our homes and privates lives.	23	30

essay89.txt	2	information contained in books is usually put in criteria	In my experience, information contained in books is usually put in criteria so that many people can read and understand the content.	12	24

essay17.txt	2	Besides rely on helps from rich countries, poor countries should take efforts by themselves	Besides rely on helps from rich countries, poor countries should take efforts by themselves.	14	15

essay35.txt	2	having these products shows their status	Since having these products shows their status, the quality obviously is not relatively important.	8	15

essay12.txt	2	Safety is a problem in every environment and especially school	Safety is a problem in every environment and especially school.	7	33

essay32.txt	2	the world are more closer, and every single countries affects each other more than before in many ways	In this world, there is no one who does not know this world 'globalization', which means the world are more closer, and every single countries affects each other more than before in many ways.	1	19

essay06.txt	2	exercising is the key to making your life healthier, longer, and happier	In conclusion, exercising is the key to making your life healthier, longer, and happier.	34	40

essay21.txt	2	The most effective way to convince consumers to purchase a product is through advertising	The most effective way to convince consumers to purchase a product is through advertising.	2	21

essay31.txt	2	an increase in the number of automobiles brings about environmental pollution	Firstly, an increase in the number of automobiles brings about environmental pollution.	5	21

essay82.txt	2	advertising can be very expensive and not every advertising campaign can be done successfully and brings good results	Secondly, advertising can be very expensive and not every advertising campaign can be done successfully and brings good results.	11	15

essay57.txt	2	Many artists have been involved in controversies because of hurting the religious or social beliefs of the common people	Many artists have been involved in controversies because of hurting the religious or social beliefs of the common people.	18	23

essay37.txt	2	The world suspected North Korea of the aggressive action	The world suspected North Korea of the aggressive action.	8	23

essay72.txt	2	They can also report to the concerned parties about any misuse of drugs at the residential areas	They can also report to the concerned parties about any misuse of drugs at the residential areas.	16	22

essay15.txt	2	People tend to use slangs and abbreviated words to shorten their writing and save more time in communicating for other activities	People tend to use slangs and abbreviated words to shorten their writing and save more time in communicating for other activities.	12	19

