essay01.txt	3	competition can effectively promote the development of economy	It is always said that competition can effectively promote the development of economy.	1	17
essay01.txt	2	In order to survive in the competition, companies continue to improve their products and service, and as a result, the whole society prospers	In order to survive in the competition, companies continue to improve their products and service, and as a result, the whole society prospers.	2	17
essay01.txt	1	we should attach more importance to cooperation	From this point of view, I firmly believe that we should attach more importance to cooperation during primary education.	4	17
essay01.txt	2	During the process of cooperation, children can learn about how to listen to opinions of others, how to communicate with others, how to think comprehensively, and even how to compromise with other team members when conflicts occurred	During the process of cooperation, children can learn about how to listen to opinions of others, how to communicate with others, how to think comprehensively, and even how to compromise with other team members when conflicts occurred.	7	17
essay01.txt	2	All of these skills help them to get on well with other people and will benefit them for the whole life	All of these skills help them to get on well with other people and will benefit them for the whole life.	8	17
essay01.txt	3	through cooperation, children can learn about interpersonal skills which are significant in the future life of all students	First of all, through cooperation, children can learn about interpersonal skills which are significant in the future life of all students.	5	17
essay01.txt	2	What we acquired from team work is not only how to achieve the same goal with others but more importantly, how to get along with others	What we acquired from team work is not only how to achieve the same goal with others but more importantly, how to get along with others.	6	17
essay01.txt	2	when we consider about the question that how to win the game, we always find that we need the cooperation	However, when we consider about the question that how to win the game, we always find that we need the cooperation.	11	17
essay01.txt	2	Take Olympic games which is a form of competition for instance, it is hard to imagine how an athlete could win the game without the training of his or her coach, and the help of other professional staffs such as the people who take care of his diet, and those who are in charge of the medical care	Take Olympic games which is a form of competition for instance, it is hard to imagine how an athlete could win the game without the training of his or her coach, and the help of other professional staffs such as the people who take care of his diet, and those who are in charge of the medical care.	13	17
essay01.txt	2	The winner is the athlete but the success belongs to the whole team	The winner is the athlete but the success belongs to the whole team.	14	17
essay01.txt	3	without the cooperation, there would be no victory of competition	Therefore without the cooperation, there would be no victory of competition.	15	17
essay01.txt	3	competition makes the society more effective	Hence it is always said that competition makes the society more effective.	10	17
essay01.txt	3	a more cooperative attitudes towards life is more profitable in one's success	Consequently, no matter from the view of individual development or the relationship between competition and cooperation we can receive the same conclusion that a more cooperative attitudes towards life is more profitable in one's success.	16	17
essay01.txt	2	the significance of competition is that how to become more excellence to gain the victory	On the other hand, the significance of competition is that how to become more excellence to gain the victory.	9	17
essay01.txt	0	Should students be taught to compete or to cooperate?	Should students be taught to compete or to cooperate?	0	17
essay01.txt	0	However, when we discuss the issue of competition or cooperation, what we are concerned about is not the whole society, but the development of an individual's whole life.	However, when we discuss the issue of competition or cooperation, what we are concerned about is not the whole society, but the development of an individual's whole life.	3	17
essay01.txt	0	The greater our goal is, the more competition we need.	The greater our goal is, the more competition we need.	12	17
essay02.txt	1	they are able to sustain their cultural identities	However I strongly believe that they are able to sustain their cultural identities and doing so help they keep their origin values.	4	17
essay02.txt	3	sustaining the cultural values of immigrants is paramount essential	Thus this makes it clear that sustaining the cultural values of immigrants is paramount essential.	9	17
essay02.txt	3	they should follow the local customs in order to integrate into their adopted countries’ cultures	Some people thought that they should follow the local customs in order to integrate into their adopted countries’ cultures.	3	17
essay02.txt	2	Many Australians come this day to enjoy the shows, learn about the cultures and admire the diverse values	Many Australians come this day to enjoy the shows, learn about the cultures and admire the diverse values.	7	17
essay02.txt	2	These feedbacks, in turn, help raise one’s pride of their cultures and help people understand each other more	These feedbacks, in turn, help raise one’s pride of their cultures and help people understand each other more.	8	17
essay02.txt	2	maintaining one’s cultural identity is a key important rule to help individuals emerge in the new multicultural environments	Firstly, maintaining one’s cultural identity is a key important rule to help individuals emerge in the new multicultural environments.	5	17
essay02.txt	2	Take Australia for example, immigrants from varieties of nations have a day called multicultural day where people from each country prepare their food and traditional activities for displaying in the public venues	Take Australia for example, immigrants from varieties of nations have a day called multicultural day where people from each country prepare their food and traditional activities for displaying in the public venues.	6	17
essay02.txt	2	children immigrated to a new country will face social troubles in school with new friends	For instance, children immigrated to a new country will face social troubles in school with new friends.	11	17
essay02.txt	2	In this new environment, parent should find friends coming from their same country so that they can socialize in a very familiar manner as feeling being home	In this new environment, parent should find friends coming from their same country so that they can socialize in a very familiar manner as feeling being home.	12	17
essay02.txt	2	Fail to create this familiarity makes them felt isolated, in the extreme can lead to social disorder like autism	Fail to create this familiarity makes them felt isolated, in the extreme can lead to social disorder like autism.	13	17
essay02.txt	3	keeping the cultural traditions in the destination countries is tremendous important	Hence, it is clear that keeping the cultural traditions in the destination countries is tremendous important.	14	17
essay02.txt	3	it is crucial to keep one’s identity	Secondly, it is crucial to keep one’s identity for they need a connection back to their country as well as teach their children their value of origin.	10	17
essay02.txt	3	sustaining the traditions will make the immigrated people keep their cultural identity and give them confident among the many culture society	As far as I am concerned, sustaining the traditions will make the immigrated people keep their cultural identity and give them confident among the many culture society.	16	17
essay02.txt	2	they need a connection back to their country as well as teach their children their value of origin	Secondly, it is crucial to keep one’s identity for they need a connection back to their country as well as teach their children their value of origin.	10	17
essay02.txt	0	More people are migrating to other countries than ever before.	More people are migrating to other countries than ever before.	0	17
essay02.txt	0	The last 50 years have seen an increasing number of immigrants to other countries.	The last 50 years have seen an increasing number of immigrants to other countries.	1	17
essay02.txt	0	People moved due to a number of reasons, namely better educations or higher salary jobs.	People moved due to a number of reasons, namely better educations or higher salary jobs.	2	17
essay02.txt	0	To conclude, although there are opposing ideas of neglecting one’s cultural values to adapt in the new cultures.	To conclude, although there are opposing ideas of neglecting one’s cultural values to adapt in the new cultures.	15	17
essay03.txt	2	These demands trigger related business in the surrounding settings which in turn create many jobs for local people improve infrastructure and living standard	These demands trigger related business in the surrounding settings which in turn create many jobs for local people improve infrastructure and living standard.	5	13
essay03.txt	3	tourism has survived many non-tangible cultural values and beauty scenes	Thus, tourism has survived many non-tangible cultural values and beauty scenes.	10	13
essay03.txt	2	international tourism promotes many aspects of the destination country’s economy in order to serve various demands of tourists	Firstly, international tourism promotes many aspects of the destination country’s economy in order to serve various demands of tourists.	3	13
essay03.txt	2	Without this support and profit from tourism, many traditional cultures would disappear due to its low income works	Without this support and profit from tourism, many traditional cultures would disappear due to its low income works.	9	13
essay03.txt	2	Take Cambodia for example, a large number of visitors coming to visit the Angkowat ancient temple need services like restaurants, hotels, souvenir shops and other stores	Take Cambodia for example, a large number of visitors coming to visit the Angkowat ancient temple need services like restaurants, hotels, souvenir shops and other stores.	4	13
essay03.txt	3	international tourism has both triggered economic development and maintained cultural and environment values of the tourist countries	To conclude, as far as I am concerned, international tourism has both triggered economic development and maintained cultural and environment values of the tourist countries.	11	13
essay03.txt	3	the authorities should adequately support these sustainable developments	In addition, the authorities should adequately support these sustainable developments.	12	13
essay03.txt	3	through tourism industry, many cultural values have been preserved and natural environments have been protected	Secondly, through tourism industry, many cultural values have been preserved and natural environments have been protected.	7	13
essay03.txt	2	in Vietnam, many cultural costumes and natural scenes, namely ‘Trong Dong’ drum performance and ‘Ha Long’ bay, are being encouraged to preserve and funded by the tourism ministry	For instance, in Vietnam, many cultural costumes and natural scenes, namely ‘Trong Dong’ drum performance and ‘Ha Long’ bay, are being encouraged to preserve and funded by the tourism ministry.	8	13
essay03.txt	1	it has contributed to the economic development as well as preserved the culture and environment of the tourist destinations	While some people might think that this international tourism has negative effects on the destination countries, I would contend that it has contributed to the economic development as well as preserved the culture and environment of the tourist destinations.	2	13
essay03.txt	3	tourism has clearly improved lives in the tourist country	Therefore tourism has clearly improved lives in the tourist country.	6	13
essay03.txt	3	this international tourism has negative effects on the destination countries	While some people might think that this international tourism has negative effects on the destination countries, I would contend that it has contributed to the economic development as well as preserved the culture and environment of the tourist destinations.	2	13
essay03.txt	0	International tourism is now more common than ever before.	International tourism is now more common than ever before.	0	13
essay03.txt	0	The last decade has seen an increasing number of tourists travelling to visit natural wonder sights, ancient heritages and different cultures around the world.	The last decade has seen an increasing number of tourists travelling to visit natural wonder sights, ancient heritages and different cultures around the world.	1	13
essay04.txt	3	tourism increasingly create harms to the natural habitats of the destination appeals	Secondly, there are clear evidences that tourism increasingly create harms to the natural habitats of the destination appeals.	7	13
essay04.txt	3	tourism has threatened the nature environments	Thus, it is apparent that tourism has threatened the nature environments.	10	13
essay04.txt	2	Take Thailand for example, in the Vietnam War, many American soldiers came to Thailand for a break and involved in sexual and drug activities, these huge demands caused many local businesses opened and expanded, even illegally involved in under-age prostitutes to maximise their profits	Take Thailand for example, in the Vietnam War, many American soldiers came to Thailand for a break and involved in sexual and drug activities, these huge demands caused many local businesses opened and expanded, even illegally involved in under-age prostitutes to maximise their profits.	4	13
essay04.txt	3	tourism has created threatening pressure on both the sociocultural and natural environments	To conclude, I strongly believe that the tourism has created threatening pressure on both the sociocultural and natural environments.	11	13
essay04.txt	2	This was due to the lack of adequate controls by authorities and lead to a bad image of Thailand tourism	This was due to the lack of adequate controls by authorities and lead to a bad image of Thailand tourism.	5	13
essay04.txt	3	If authorities do not take steps to appropriately conserve these precious values, they will be destroyed in the near future	If authorities do not take steps to appropriately conserve these precious values, they will be destroyed in the near future.	12	13
essay04.txt	2	As the Australia’s Great Barrier Reef has shown, the billion visitors per annum has generated immense destruction to this nature wonder, namely breaking the corals caused by walking or throwing boat’s anchors, dropping fuel and other sorts of pollutions	As the Australia’s Great Barrier Reef has shown, the billion visitors per annum has generated immense destruction to this nature wonder, namely breaking the corals caused by walking or throwing boat’s anchors, dropping fuel and other sorts of pollutions.	8	13
essay04.txt	2	many marine lives have been endangered, in the extremes part of the reef become uninhabitable for these marine species	For this reason, many marine lives have been endangered, in the extremes part of the reef become uninhabitable for these marine species.	9	13
essay04.txt	1	this industry has affected the cultural attributes and damaged the natural environment of the tourist destinations	While some might think the tourism bring large profit for the destination countries, I would contend that this industry has affected the cultural attributes and damaged the natural environment of the tourist destinations.	2	13
essay04.txt	3	international tourism can create negative impacts on the destination countries	Therefore this proves that international tourism can create negative impacts on the destination countries.	6	13
essay04.txt	3	tourists from different cultures will probably cause changes to the cultural identity of the tourist destinations	Firstly, it is an undeniable fact that tourists from different cultures will probably cause changes to the cultural identity of the tourist destinations.	3	13
essay04.txt	0	International tourism is now more common than ever before.	International tourism is now more common than ever before.	0	13
essay04.txt	0	The last 50 years have seen a significant increase in the number of tourist travelling worldwide.	The last 50 years have seen a significant increase in the number of tourist travelling worldwide.	1	13
essay05.txt	2	those difficulties will turn into valuable experiences in the following steps of life	One who is living overseas will of course struggle with loneliness, living away from family and friends but those difficulties will turn into valuable experiences in the following steps of life.	7	14
essay05.txt	2	the one will learn living without depending on anyone else	Moreover, the one will learn living without depending on anyone else.	8	14
essay05.txt	3	living and studying overseas is an irreplaceable experience when it comes to learn standing on your own feet	Second, living and studying overseas is an irreplaceable experience when it comes to learn standing on your own feet.	6	14
essay05.txt	3	one who has studied and lived overseas will become more eligible for the job than his/her peers	Therefore, one who has studied and lived overseas will become more eligible for the job than his/her peers.	11	14
essay05.txt	2	One who is living overseas will of course struggle with loneliness, living away from family and friends	One who is living overseas will of course struggle with loneliness, living away from family and friends but those difficulties will turn into valuable experiences in the following steps of life.	7	14
essay05.txt	2	there are many difficulties a student might face when studying and living overseas	In conclusion, there are many difficulties a student might face when studying and living overseas.	12	14
essay05.txt	3	living and studying overseas gives the individual a new perspective on the subject that is studied or in general life	However, living and studying overseas gives the individual a new perspective on the subject that is studied or in general life.	13	14
essay05.txt	2	employers are mostly looking for people who have international and language skills	Also, employers are mostly looking for people who have international and language skills.	9	14
essay05.txt	2	Becoming successful in this study will give the student an edge in job market	Becoming successful in this study will give the student an edge in job market.	10	14
essay05.txt	1	one who studies overseas will gain many skills throughout this experience	In my opinion, one who studies overseas will gain many skills throughout this experience for several reasons.	3	14
essay05.txt	3	Compared to the peers studying in the home country, it will be more likely for the one who is living overseas to be successful in adapting himself/herself into new environments and situations in life	Compared to the peers studying in the home country, it will be more likely for the one who is living overseas to be successful in adapting himself/herself into new environments and situations in life.	5	14
essay05.txt	2	studying at an overseas university gives individuals the opportunity to improve social skills by interacting and communicating with students from different origins and cultures	First, studying at an overseas university gives individuals the opportunity to improve social skills by interacting and communicating with students from different origins and cultures.	4	14
essay05.txt	0	Living and studying overseas.	Living and studying overseas.	0	14
essay05.txt	0	It is every student's desire to study at a good university and experience a new environment.	It is every student's desire to study at a good university and experience a new environment.	1	14
essay05.txt	0	While some students study and live overseas to achieve this, some prefer to study home because of the difficulties of living and studying overseas.	While some students study and live overseas to achieve this, some prefer to study home because of the difficulties of living and studying overseas.	2	14
essay06.txt	2	It is a crucial element for living a healthier, longer, and happier life	It is a crucial element for living a healthier, longer, and happier life.	6	40
essay06.txt	3	The number one reason why people should exercise is because it will keep you healthy	The number one reason why people should exercise is because it will keep you healthy.	7	40
essay06.txt	2	Exercise not only reduces the risk of health problems and various diseases, but it also has an effect on overall appearance	Exercise not only reduces the risk of health problems and various diseases, but it also has an effect on overall appearance.	3	40
essay06.txt	2	exercising and being active can improve self-esteem and confidence	It is proven that exercising and being active can improve self-esteem and confidence.	4	40
essay06.txt	3	it's really fun	In my opinion the best reason to exercise is that it's really fun!	25	40
essay06.txt	2	exercising takes up a lot of time and it requires too much work	Most people think that exercising takes up a lot of time and it requires too much work.	26	40
essay06.txt	2	it's also a mental activity	Most people think of exercising as only being a physical activity, but it's also a mental activity.	18	40
essay06.txt	2	Americans are eating enormous amounts of fast foods these days	Americans are eating enormous amounts of fast foods these days, so cardiovascular diseases are becoming more and more common.	8	40
essay06.txt	2	Most people think of exercising as only being a physical activity	Most people think of exercising as only being a physical activity, but it's also a mental activity.	18	40
essay06.txt	2	cardiovascular diseases are becoming more and more common	Americans are eating enormous amounts of fast foods these days, so cardiovascular diseases are becoming more and more common.	8	40
essay06.txt	3	it improves self-esteem and confidence	The second benefit to exercising is that it improves self-esteem and confidence.	17	40
essay06.txt	2	It is extremely rewarding and worthwhile	It is extremely rewarding and worthwhile.	39	40
essay06.txt	2	Exercising also helps improve you brain function and your memory	Exercising also helps improve you brain function and your memory.	24	40
essay06.txt	2	they can improve their lives in many ways	Everyone should take time out of their days to exercise, so they can improve their lives in many ways.	37	40
essay06.txt	2	when you're exercising you're bringing more oxygen into you lungs and your brain appreciates the extra air	Plus, when you're exercising you're bringing more oxygen into you lungs and your brain appreciates the extra air.	23	40
essay06.txt	3	Everyone should take time out of their days to exercise	Everyone should take time out of their days to exercise, so they can improve their lives in many ways.	37	40
essay06.txt	2	When you exercise you body releases endorphins, which are chemicals that create a happy feeling in brain	When you exercise you body releases endorphins, which are chemicals that create a happy feeling in brain.	22	40
essay06.txt	2	it helps relieves tension and stress	Exercising gives people energy, which helps people have positive outlooks on life and it helps relieves tension and stress.	21	40
essay06.txt	2	Exercising gives people energy, which helps people have positive outlooks on life	Exercising gives people energy, which helps people have positive outlooks on life and it helps relieves tension and stress.	21	40
essay06.txt	1	Excerising is one of the most important things in life	Excerising is one of the most important things in life and it can even be fun.	5	40
essay06.txt	2	America's number one killer is cardiovascular diseases, which can easily be prevented by exercising	America's number one killer is cardiovascular diseases, which can easily be prevented by exercising.	2	40
essay06.txt	2	it can even be fun	Excerising is one of the most important things in life and it can even be fun.	5	40
essay06.txt	2	One out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of cardiovascular diseases, which results in more than forty-five percent of deaths annually	One out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of cardiovascular diseases, which results in more than forty-five percent of deaths annually.	9	40
essay06.txt	2	Many people come up with plenty of excuses to not exercise	Many people come up with plenty of excuses to not exercise; however, if you truly want to improve your mental and physical health you will find the energy and time to exercise.	36	40
essay06.txt	2	The main cause for this condition is obesity	The main cause for this condition is obesity.	10	40
essay06.txt	2	it's one hundred percent beneficial	It is one of the most important things in life and it's one hundred percent beneficial.	35	40
essay06.txt	2	The more body fat that you have, the greater your risk for heart disease	The more body fat that you have, the greater your risk for heart disease.	11	40
essay06.txt	2	this condition can easily be prevented or controlled by exercising	However, this condition can easily be prevented or controlled by exercising.	12	40
essay06.txt	2	if you truly want to improve your mental and physical health you will find the energy and time to exercise	Many people come up with plenty of excuses to not exercise; however, if you truly want to improve your mental and physical health you will find the energy and time to exercise.	36	40
essay06.txt	2	Exercising makes the heart muscles stronger	Exercising makes the heart muscles stronger.	13	40
essay06.txt	2	There is no greater feeling than achieving a weight lose goal and being able to feel good about your body	There is no greater feeling than achieving a weight lose goal and being able to feel good about your body.	32	40
essay06.txt	2	When your heart muscle is strong it can do the same amount of work at a lower heart rate	When your heart muscle is strong it can do the same amount of work at a lower heart rate, so the heart doesn't have to work as hard as it does with weak muscles.	14	40
essay06.txt	2	Setting goals and rewards will help you stay motivated and consistent with exercising	Setting goals and rewards will help you stay motivated and consistent with exercising.	31	40
essay06.txt	2	the heart doesn't have to work as hard as it does with weak muscles	When your heart muscle is strong it can do the same amount of work at a lower heart rate, so the heart doesn't have to work as hard as it does with weak muscles.	14	40
essay06.txt	3	It is one of the most important things in life	It is one of the most important things in life and it's one hundred percent beneficial.	35	40
essay06.txt	2	Exercising not only helps prevent cardiovascular diseases, but it also helps prevent strokes, type 2 diabetes, and even certain types of cancer	Exercising not only helps prevent cardiovascular diseases, but it also helps prevent strokes, type 2 diabetes, and even certain types of cancer.	16	40
essay06.txt	2	exercising is the key to making your life healthier, longer, and happier	In conclusion, exercising is the key to making your life healthier, longer, and happier.	34	40
essay06.txt	2	people who exercise have higher self esteem and confidence	There have been studies that show evidence that people who exercise have higher self esteem and confidence.	19	40
essay06.txt	2	When people actually take the time to try exercising they realize it's an enjoyable experience	When people actually take the time to try exercising they realize it's an enjoyable experience.	27	40
essay06.txt	2	active people are less likely to have depression and anxiety	It also showed that active people are less likely to have depression and anxiety.	20	40
essay06.txt	2	When you having fun you don't even realize that your exercising and you look forward to it everyday	When you having fun you don't even realize that your exercising and you look forward to it everyday.	30	40
essay06.txt	2	It doesn't matter how you exercise, as long as you are being active	It doesn't matter how you exercise, as long as you are being active.	28	40
essay06.txt	0	Why you should Exercise.	Why you should Exercise.	0	40
essay06.txt	0	More than 1.6 billion people in the world are either overweight or obese and United States has the highest rate of obesity.	More than 1.6 billion people in the world are either overweight or obese and United States has the highest rate of obesity.	1	40
essay06.txt	0	In today's society people are less concerned with the food they eat and their physical condition, so many serious illnesses are becoming quite common.	In today's society people are less concerned with the food they eat and their physical condition, so many serious illnesses are becoming quite common.	15	40
essay06.txt	0	Everyone enjoys different sports or activities, so it's important to figure out which is best for you.	Everyone enjoys different sports or activities, so it's important to figure out which is best for you.	29	40
essay06.txt	0	It makes exercising well worth it.	It makes exercising well worth it.	33	40
essay06.txt	0	So next time you are deciding whether or not to exercise just think of the benefits you will experience from it.	So next time you are deciding whether or not to exercise just think of the benefits you will experience from it.	38	40
essay07.txt	1	newspapers have lost their competitive advantage to sustain their prolonged existence	Some people, however, still believe that they can exist for long time; others disagree, arguing that newspapers have lost their competitive advantage to sustain their prolonged existence.	3	19
essay07.txt	2	to obtain information, using the internet is quicker and more convenient than reading newspapers	First of all, to obtain information, using the internet is quicker and more convenient than reading newspapers.	5	19
essay07.txt	2	The internet has been more and more popular for recent years, providing people with a huge source of information	The internet has been more and more popular for recent years, providing people with a huge source of information.	1	19
essay07.txt	3	the print media has failed to keep its important role in the provision of information	Hence, the print media has failed to keep its important role in the provision of information.	8	19
essay07.txt	2	from the economic aspect, buying newspapers appears to be a waste of money when the internet becomes available for every one	Another point is that, from the economic aspect, buying newspapers appears to be a waste of money when the internet becomes available for every one.	9	19
essay07.txt	2	Contrary to the past when people had to wait long hours to take a daily newspaper, nowadays, they can acquire latest news updated every second through their mobile phones or computers connected to the internet, everywhere and at anytime	Contrary to the past when people had to wait long hours to take a daily newspaper, nowadays, they can acquire latest news updated every second through their mobile phones or computers connected to the internet, everywhere and at anytime.	6	19
essay07.txt	2	these devices and machines are very common in all parts of the world, making it easier for people to read a number of things that newspapers can not provide in only some pages	As can be seen, these devices and machines are very common in all parts of the world, making it easier for people to read a number of things that newspapers can not provide in only some pages.	7	19
essay07.txt	3	the number of people reading newspapers may continue falling sharply, possibly leading to the close-downs of many in the coming time	For this reason, the number of people reading newspapers may continue falling sharply, possibly leading to the close-downs of many in the coming time.	13	19
essay07.txt	2	when taking environment into consideration, people must conceive that the more newspapers are published, the more trees are cut down	Last, but not least, when taking environment into consideration, people must conceive that the more newspapers are published, the more trees are cut down.	14	19
essay07.txt	2	This is simply the contributor to the deforestation which is happening all over the world today	This is simply the contributor to the deforestation which is happening all over the world today.	15	19
essay07.txt	3	newspapers' production will have to face environmentalists on its way to be alive	At this point, newspapers' production will have to face environmentalists on its way to be alive.	16	19
essay07.txt	2	the internet service is being provided at a low cost or even free in many countries	It is clear to recognize that the internet service is being provided at a low cost or even free in many countries.	10	19
essay07.txt	2	The answer, perhaps, is that hardly would rational people do so	The answer, perhaps, is that hardly would rational people do so.	12	19
essay07.txt	0	Will newspapers become a thing of the past?	Will newspapers become a thing of the past?	0	19
essay07.txt	0	As a result of this, print media such as newspapers have experienced a dramatic decline in the number of readers.	As a result of this, print media such as newspapers have experienced a dramatic decline in the number of readers.	2	19
essay07.txt	0	Personally, I am inclined to agree with the latter view for following reasons.	Personally, I am inclined to agree with the latter view for following reasons.	4	19
essay07.txt	0	The question arises as to whether or not a person spends an extra money buying newspapers to receive the same, even usually less information than those he can have with the internet?	The question arises as to whether or not a person spends an extra money buying newspapers to receive the same, even usually less information than those he can have with the internet?	11	19
essay07.txt	0	In conclusion, it might be unpleasant for some advocating newspapers to witness the extinction of the type of media.	In conclusion, it might be unpleasant for some advocating newspapers to witness the extinction of the type of media.	17	19
essay07.txt	0	However, this, if occurring, should be seen as a result of the ever- increasing innovations in media technology and in our modern life as a whole.	However, this, if occurring, should be seen as a result of the ever- increasing innovations in media technology and in our modern life as a whole.	18	19
essay08.txt	1	it can contribute greatly to the development of the world	However, I strongly believe that its advantages clearly outweigh its disadvantages, and that it can contribute greatly to the development of the world.	17	19
essay08.txt	3	Technology, however, is not the best solution to all the world's intricate problems	Technology, however, is not the best solution to all the world's intricate problems.	2	19
essay08.txt	3	we need to place less emphasis on technological solutions and more on other values, such as economy, politics and education	Accordingly, it is believed that we need to place less emphasis on technological solutions and more on other values, such as economy, politics and education.	3	19
essay08.txt	2	hi-tech devices also have a very positive impact on many aspects of our lives	In addition, hi-tech devices also have a very positive impact on many aspects of our lives.	7	19
essay08.txt	2	They help us to work and study more efficiently, thus leading to an improvement in our abilities	They help us to work and study more efficiently, thus leading to an improvement in our abilities.	8	19
essay08.txt	3	technology plays an integral part in our lives	To begin with, it should be borne in mind that technology plays an integral part in our lives.	5	19
essay08.txt	2	With the invention of computers and the Internet, we now can get easy access to all kinds of information	With the invention of computers and the Internet, we now can get easy access to all kinds of information.	6	19
essay08.txt	3	there are some serious problems springing from modern technology	However, there are some serious problems springing from modern technology.	11	19
essay08.txt	2	deadly and powerful weapons can be a huge threat to the world's peace	First, deadly and powerful weapons can be a huge threat to the world's peace.	12	19
essay08.txt	2	a lot of people spend too much time using hi-tech devices nowadays	Second, a lot of people spend too much time using hi-tech devices nowadays.	13	19
essay08.txt	2	They abuse them so severely that they feel they can hardly live without them	They abuse them so severely that they feel they can hardly live without them.	14	19
essay08.txt	2	Medical advances can improve our health and cure many fatal diseases	Medical advances can improve our health and cure many fatal diseases.	9	19
essay08.txt	2	This can have a detrimental effect on their health	This can have a detrimental effect on their health, since they are likely to develop many dangerous diseases, including obesity, heart attack and high blood-pressure.	15	19
essay08.txt	2	modern technology enables us to predict natural disasters much faster and more accurately, so we can reduce the number of deaths and property damage	Besides, modern technology enables us to predict natural disasters much faster and more accurately, so we can reduce the number of deaths and property damage.	10	19
essay08.txt	2	they are likely to develop many dangerous diseases, including obesity, heart attack and high blood-pressure	This can have a detrimental effect on their health, since they are likely to develop many dangerous diseases, including obesity, heart attack and high blood-pressure.	15	19
essay08.txt	2	technology is very crucial for our lives	In conclusion, although there is no disputing the fact that technology is very crucial for our lives, in can also result in several negative drawbacks.	16	19
essay08.txt	3	scientists should not place less emphasis on technological solutions, but try to pay more attention to develop new technologies instead	Therefore, scientists should not place less emphasis on technological solutions, but try to pay more attention to develop new technologies instead.	18	19
essay08.txt	2	its advantages clearly outweigh its disadvantages	However, I strongly believe that its advantages clearly outweigh its disadvantages, and that it can contribute greatly to the development of the world.	17	19
essay08.txt	0	Technology cannot solve all the world's problems!	Technology cannot solve all the world's problems!	0	19
essay08.txt	0	In our modern times, with the development of science and technology, our living standard has been improved beyond recognition.	In our modern times, with the development of science and technology, our living standard has been improved beyond recognition.	1	19
essay08.txt	0	Personally, I partly disagree with this point of view, and the reasons are given below.	Personally, I partly disagree with this point of view, and the reasons are given below.	4	19
essay09.txt	2	In a country with only 5% of the earth's population, the United States holds 25% of the world's prisoners ("Marijuana Prison Statistics")	In a country with only 5% of the earth's population, the United States holds 25% of the world's prisoners ("Marijuana Prison Statistics").	9	35
essay09.txt	2	A significant amount of those criminals are in there for drug related crimes	A significant amount of those criminals are in there for drug related crimes.	10	35
essay09.txt	2	if we were to legalize and tax it, the government would make tons of profit and we could start paying off this $16trillion national debt	Imagine if we were to legalize and tax it, the government would make tons of profit and we could start paying off this $16trillion national debt.	7	35
essay09.txt	2	Not to mention it would create tons of jobs and people in prison for marijuana crimes would be released	Not to mention it would create tons of jobs and people in prison for marijuana crimes would be released.	8	35
essay09.txt	2	Many cancer patients have used medical marijuana as a way of dealing with nausea after treatment or stimulating their appetite	Many cancer patients have used medical marijuana as a way of dealing with nausea after treatment or stimulating their appetite.	30	35
essay09.txt	2	Many musicians admit that cannabis helps them get creative with their music and opens their minds to new ideas and concepts	Many musicians admit that cannabis helps them get creative with their music and opens their minds to new ideas and concepts.	29	35
essay09.txt	2	zero people have died from overdosing on pot	79,000 people a year die from alcohol poisoning, while zero people have died from overdosing on pot.	20	35
essay09.txt	2	Legalize marijuana and you cut a huge percent of their profits, army strength, and political power	Legalize marijuana and you cut a huge percent of their profits, army strength, and political power.	16	35
essay09.txt	2	79,000 people a year die from alcohol poisoning	79,000 people a year die from alcohol poisoning, while zero people have died from overdosing on pot.	20	35
essay09.txt	2	Otherwise they're going to do whatever they can to save the marijuana black market	Otherwise they're going to do whatever they can to save the marijuana black market.	17	35
essay09.txt	2	those substances are way more harmful than cannabis	But then you'd have to explain why alcohol and tobacco are legal because those substances are way more harmful than cannabis.	19	35
essay09.txt	2	you'd have to explain why alcohol and tobacco are legal	But then you'd have to explain why alcohol and tobacco are legal because those substances are way more harmful than cannabis.	19	35
essay09.txt	2	anything has the potential to be abused, even something as simple as food	This is an unfair statement, anything has the potential to be abused, even something as simple as food.	27	35
essay09.txt	3	marijuana is addictive and can be abused, thus making it mentally unhealthy	Another thing that is often said is that marijuana is addictive and can be abused, thus making it mentally unhealthy.	26	35
essay09.txt	2	they are introduced to these hardcore drugs in the same underground market where they got the marijuana, not because it's a gateway drug	Teens are susceptible to harsher drugs after trying marijuana because they are introduced to these hardcore drugs in the same underground market where they got the marijuana, not because it's a gateway drug.	25	35
essay09.txt	2	Teens are susceptible to harsher drugs after trying marijuana	Teens are susceptible to harsher drugs after trying marijuana because they are introduced to these hardcore drugs in the same underground market where they got the marijuana, not because it's a gateway drug.	25	35
essay09.txt	1	prohibition does more harm than good	Users of the drug aren't the only ones who support cannabis; many of us who do not indulge are pro-legalization because we see that prohibition does more harm than good.	4	35
essay09.txt	2	Despite great efforts by the federal government against marijuana, it has become a large part of the national economy	Despite great efforts by the federal government against marijuana, it has become a large part of the national economy.	6	35
essay09.txt	3	The legalization of marijuana would help get the economy going again	The legalization of marijuana would help get the economy going again.	5	35
essay09.txt	2	Another group that benefits greatly from prohibition are the drug cartels	Another group that benefits greatly from prohibition are the drug cartels.	15	35
essay09.txt	3	The war on drugs is a complete failure	The war on drugs is a complete failure.	11	35
essay09.txt	2	It's done nothing but waste tax payer dollars, fill prisons with non violent criminals, and create a black market	It's done nothing but waste tax payer dollars, fill prisons with non violent criminals, and create a black market.	12	35
essay09.txt	2	Pharmaceutical companies lobby against cannabis because at a lower price, there are so many drugs (painkillers, sleep medication) it could replace	For example, Pharmaceutical companies lobby against cannabis because at a lower price, there are so many drugs (painkillers, sleep medication) it could replace.	14	35
essay09.txt	2	The main reason cannabis remains illegal is because lobbyists are making tons of money off of prohibition	The main reason cannabis remains illegal is because lobbyists are making tons of money off of prohibition.	13	35
essay09.txt	3	marijuana is physically unhealthy for you and that's why it's illegal	You could argue that marijuana is physically unhealthy for you and that's why it's illegal.	18	35
essay09.txt	3	prohibition has kept marijuana out of children's hands	People think that prohibition has kept marijuana out of children's hands.	21	35
essay09.txt	2	legalizing this drug would expose more children and teens to it	They think legalizing this drug would expose more children and teens to it.	22	35
essay09.txt	2	It's a whole lot easier for kids to obtain marijuana as opposed to alcohol or tobacco	It's a whole lot easier for kids to obtain marijuana as opposed to alcohol or tobacco.	23	35
essay09.txt	3	people have benefited from marijuana whether it was for medical or recreational purposes	The point is people have benefited from marijuana whether it was for medical or recreational purposes.	31	35
essay09.txt	2	A drug dealer doesn't check for ID like a cashier would	A drug dealer doesn't check for ID like a cashier would.	24	35
essay09.txt	0	The Truth About Cannabis.	The Truth About Cannabis.	0	35
essay09.txt	0	Is marijuana as bad as society makes it out to be?	Is marijuana as bad as society makes it out to be?	1	35
essay09.txt	0	Since the 1930's marijuana has been illegal in the United States.	Since the 1930's marijuana has been illegal in the United States.	2	35
essay09.txt	0	That being said it's somehow America's number one cash crop.	That being said it's somehow America's number one cash crop.	3	35
essay09.txt	0	You never hear about the positive effects marijuana can have on society.	You never hear about the positive effects marijuana can have on society.	28	35
essay09.txt	0	Cannabis is classified as a schedule one drug, this suggests that it is as dangerous and addictive as heroin, meth, and even more dangerous than cocaine.	Cannabis is classified as a schedule one drug, this suggests that it is as dangerous and addictive as heroin, meth, and even more dangerous than cocaine.	32	35
essay09.txt	0	Even if you believe that's accurate information, who are you to tell people what they can and can't put in their bodies?	Even if you believe that's accurate information, who are you to tell people what they can and can't put in their bodies?	33	35
essay09.txt	0	Expecting everyone to adapt to your beliefs or morals is extremely narrowed minded.	Expecting everyone to adapt to your beliefs or morals is extremely narrowed minded.	34	35
essay10.txt	2	it rids them of their civil rights	Same sex marriage should be legal for a number of reasons, a few being, it's no one else's business if two men or two women want to get married, not allowing them to marry makes them seem inferior, and it rids them of their civil rights.	3	32
essay10.txt	3	It's wrong to tell two people who love each other that they cannot marry	(22) It's wrong to tell two people who love each other that they cannot marry; it's nobody's business who you fall in love with.	7	32
essay10.txt	2	it's no one else's business if two men or two women want to get married	Same sex marriage should be legal for a number of reasons, a few being, it's no one else's business if two men or two women want to get married, not allowing them to marry makes them seem inferior, and it rids them of their civil rights.	3	32
essay10.txt	2	not allowing them to marry makes them seem inferior	Same sex marriage should be legal for a number of reasons, a few being, it's no one else's business if two men or two women want to get married, not allowing them to marry makes them seem inferior, and it rids them of their civil rights.	3	32
essay10.txt	2	we have an amendment which protects our country from that exact situation	Many people think that the word of the bible is comparable to law; however we have an amendment which protects our country from that exact situation.	24	32
essay10.txt	2	the word of the bible is comparable to law	Many people think that the word of the bible is comparable to law; however we have an amendment which protects our country from that exact situation.	24	32
essay10.txt	2	the bible states that it is unholy for couples of the same gender to marry	Majority of the population against same sex marriage firmly believe the bible states that it is unholy for couples of the same gender to marry.	23	32
essay10.txt	2	it's nobody's business who you fall in love with	(22) It's wrong to tell two people who love each other that they cannot marry; it's nobody's business who you fall in love with.	7	32
essay10.txt	2	just like women deserve to vote, they should be allowed to get married	They deserve to have their civil rights fulfilled, just like women deserve to vote, they should be allowed to get married.	22	32
essay10.txt	2	A common married couple gets benefits on health, gets to make decisions that are best for their spouse in extreme cases, and gets to inherit their spouse's belongings in death	A common married couple gets benefits on health, gets to make decisions that are best for their spouse in extreme cases, and gets to inherit their spouse's belongings in death.	11	32
essay10.txt	2	They deserve to have their civil rights fulfilled	They deserve to have their civil rights fulfilled, just like women deserve to vote, they should be allowed to get married.	22	32
essay10.txt	2	Homosexual couples are no different	Homosexual couples are no different.	21	32
essay10.txt	3	Same sex marriage being illegal rids the couple of their civil rights	Same sex marriage being illegal rids the couple of their civil rights.	19	32
essay10.txt	2	You would never make a women feel inferior for being a women	The argument for same sex marriage asserts that it is hypocritical to deny the full rights and opportunities of citizenship which includes the access to an institution as basic as matrimony" (76) You would never make a women feel inferior for being a women, so why should you make a man or a women feel like they are less just based on who they love.	18	32
essay10.txt	2	it is hypocritical to deny the full rights and opportunities of citizenship which includes the access to an institution as basic as matrimony	The argument for same sex marriage asserts that it is hypocritical to deny the full rights and opportunities of citizenship which includes the access to an institution as basic as matrimony" (76) You would never make a women feel inferior for being a women, so why should you make a man or a women feel like they are less just based on who they love.	18	32
essay10.txt	2	it is no different	So it's unfair to make same sex marriage seem inferior when it is no different.	16	32
essay10.txt	2	There is absolutely no legal, logical, or governing reason that same sex couples cannot be wed	There is absolutely no legal, logical, or governing reason that same sex couples cannot be wed and it's extremely unconstitutional in every way to tell them they can't.	2	32
essay10.txt	1	Same sex marriage should be legal	Same sex marriage should be legal for a number of reasons, a few being, it's no one else's business if two men or two women want to get married, not allowing them to marry makes them seem inferior, and it rids them of their civil rights.	3	32
essay10.txt	2	it's extremely unconstitutional in every way to tell them they can't	There is absolutely no legal, logical, or governing reason that same sex couples cannot be wed and it's extremely unconstitutional in every way to tell them they can't.	2	32
essay10.txt	2	By not allowing them to marry all that America is doing is depriving same sex couples of their rights to care for each other and provide for each other	By not allowing them to marry all that America is doing is depriving same sex couples of their rights to care for each other and provide for each other.	10	32
essay10.txt	3	One day in the future this will be achieved	One day in the future this will be achieved.	31	32
essay10.txt	2	it is no one's business to tell same sex couples they should not be able wed	Just like it is no one's business to tell same sex couples they should not be able wed.	8	32
essay10.txt	3	They should be allowed the benefits of marriage, treated equally, not like they are inferior, and same sex couples should be allowed their civil rights	They should be allowed the benefits of marriage, treated equally, not like they are inferior, and same sex couples should be allowed their civil rights.	30	32
essay10.txt	2	Same sex couples just want the benefits of being married like everyone else	Same sex couples just want the benefits of being married like everyone else and there is no proof saying that it is wrong for them to have those benefits.	9	32
essay10.txt	2	there is no proof saying that it is wrong for them to have those benefits	Same sex couples just want the benefits of being married like everyone else and there is no proof saying that it is wrong for them to have those benefits.	9	32
essay10.txt	3	Making same sex marriage illegal also makes the people who are attracted to the same sex feel inferior	Making same sex marriage illegal also makes the people who are attracted to the same sex feel inferior.	12	32
essay10.txt	2	It is hypocritical to not allow same sex marriage to occur when it appeals to a large growing group of people	It is hypocritical to not allow same sex marriage to occur when it appeals to a large growing group of people.	28	32
essay10.txt	2	Nobody likes feeling inferior, or like they a below standards	Nobody likes feeling inferior, or like they a below standards, by making sex marriage illegal you are making people who are attracted to the same sex feel and seem inferior to others.	13	32
essay10.txt	2	Laws have been changed for all sexes, races' and genders for the same purpose, equal rights	Laws have been changed for all sexes, races' and genders for the same purpose, equal rights.	27	32
essay10.txt	2	by making sex marriage illegal you are making people who are attracted to the same sex feel and seem inferior to others	Nobody likes feeling inferior, or like they a below standards, by making sex marriage illegal you are making people who are attracted to the same sex feel and seem inferior to others.	13	32
essay10.txt	3	same sex couples are really just couples and should be treated as such	In the end same sex couples are really just couples and should be treated as such.	29	32
essay10.txt	2	Homosexuality is not a conscious choice; it's something they are born with	Homosexuality is not a conscious choice; it's something they are born with.	14	32
essay10.txt	2	Civil rights are something people have worked hard to maintain over the years, abolishing slavery and treating women equally	Civil rights are something people have worked hard to maintain over the years, abolishing slavery and treating women equally.	20	32
essay10.txt	2	Just like you didn't choose who you love, neither did they	Just like you didn't choose who you love, neither did they.	15	32
essay10.txt	2	Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof	In the book The Constitution of the United States of America The Bicentennial keepsake edition, the first amendment provides that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ...." (51) The fact that it's in the bible should not dictate the laws against same sex couples becoming wed.	25	32
essay10.txt	3	it's unfair to make same sex marriage seem inferior	So it's unfair to make same sex marriage seem inferior when it is no different.	16	32
essay10.txt	2	Not allowing same sex couples to marry is like saying all people born with a certain hair color should not be allowed marry people of other hair colors, It makes no sense	Not allowing same sex couples to marry is like saying all people born with a certain hair color should not be allowed marry people of other hair colors, It makes no sense.	26	32
essay10.txt	3	The fact that it's in the bible should not dictate the laws against same sex couples becoming wed	In the book The Constitution of the United States of America The Bicentennial keepsake edition, the first amendment provides that "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ...." (51) The fact that it's in the bible should not dictate the laws against same sex couples becoming wed.	25	32
essay10.txt	0	The Non-Issue of Same Sex Marriage.	The Non-Issue of Same Sex Marriage.	0	32
essay10.txt	0	There is not a single piece of history that determines whether or not same sex marriage is right or wrong.	There is not a single piece of history that determines whether or not same sex marriage is right or wrong.	1	32
essay10.txt	0	In the book Gay marriage by Kate Burns, it states "Who owns marriage?	In the book Gay marriage by Kate Burns, it states "Who owns marriage?	4	32
essay10.txt	0	In other words, who defines marriage?	In other words, who defines marriage?	5	32
essay10.txt	0	Who allows marriage, and who enforces it?"	Who allows marriage, and who enforces it?"	6	32
essay10.txt	0	In the book Historical Guides to Controversial Issues in America Same-Sex Marriage by Allene Phy-Olsen it states "Recent decades have seen much interest in the idea of diversity.	In the book Historical Guides to Controversial Issues in America Same-Sex Marriage by Allene Phy-Olsen it states "Recent decades have seen much interest in the idea of diversity.	17	32
essay11.txt	3	It is this discovery that should be experienced by all	It is this discovery that should be experienced by all.	33	64
essay11.txt	2	Returning to nature often allows campers to return to their true selves	Returning to nature often allows campers to return to their true selves.	32	64
essay11.txt	2	This is specifically when they are experiencing nature and the realization is made how much simpler life is when outside with nature	This is specifically when they are experiencing nature and the realization is made how much simpler life is when outside with nature.	31	64
essay11.txt	2	Virtually every camper experiences this moment	Virtually every camper experiences this moment.	30	64
essay11.txt	2	Campers often express how a feeling comes over their body when they reach the moment when the day to day turmoil leaves their body	Campers often express how a feeling comes over their body when they reach the moment when the day to day turmoil leaves their body.	29	64
essay11.txt	2	There are so many places both near and far that are best experienced by spending a few days within the place	There are so many places both near and far that are best experienced by spending a few days within the place.	26	64
essay11.txt	2	It can be amazing how different the same object can look throughout the day	It can be amazing how different the same object can look throughout the day.	28	64
essay11.txt	2	Camping gives you the ability to see these beautiful locations at first sunlight, in the middle of the day, at sunset and even under the stars	Camping gives you the ability to see these beautiful locations at first sunlight, in the middle of the day, at sunset and even under the stars.	27	64
essay11.txt	3	No matter where the campsite is, a camper can feel miles away from the city	No matter where the campsite is, a camper can feel miles away from the city.	25	64
essay11.txt	2	Camping can also take place at a nearby state park	Camping can also take place at a nearby state park.	24	64
essay11.txt	3	Campers have an opportunity to try some interesting food	Campers have an opportunity to try some interesting food.	44	64
essay11.txt	2	When this resistance is put aside, these bonds will be renewed	When this resistance is put aside, these bonds will be renewed.	41	64
essay11.txt	3	food always tastes better when camping	Whatever the reasons are, food always tastes better when camping.	50	64
essay11.txt	2	There are usually no video games being played, no soccer practice to drive to, and no business projects to worry about	There are usually no video games being played, no soccer practice to drive to, and no business projects to worry about.	38	64
essay11.txt	2	When families go camping, they put the jobs and sporting events on hold	When families go camping, they put the jobs and sporting events on hold.	37	64
essay11.txt	2	Some of this may be foreign to some people and there can be resistance	Some of this may be foreign to some people and there can be resistance.	40	64
essay11.txt	2	By putting aside all of these events, the family has an opportunity to bond and renew their relationships	By putting aside all of these events, the family has an opportunity to bond and renew their relationships.	39	64
essay11.txt	3	Camping is a great way to bring families together and strengthen their love	Camping is a great way to bring families together and strengthen their love.	42	64
essay11.txt	2	It this confined space that, when allowed, can create a close bond between family members	It this confined space that, when allowed, can create a close bond between family members.	36	64
essay11.txt	2	Some people that do not like the idea of camping give the reason of having to camp with people in such a confined space	Some people that do not like the idea of camping give the reason of having to camp with people in such a confined space.	35	64
essay11.txt	2	Breathing the country air usually makes a person feel revitalized	Breathing the country air usually makes a person feel revitalized.	9	64
essay11.txt	3	Another great part about camping is being outside under the sun	Another great part about camping is being outside under the sun.	11	64
essay11.txt	2	Kids always seem to find new "best friends" for the weekends and even adults may find themselves sharing a meal with their new neighbors	Kids always seem to find new "best friends" for the weekends and even adults may find themselves sharing a meal with their new neighbors.	55	64
essay11.txt	2	"country air" is often used to describe clean, healthy air	The phrase "city air" often is thought as air that is polluted, while "country air" is often used to describe clean, healthy air.	8	64
essay11.txt	3	There is no better way to receive the country air than while camping	There is no better way to receive the country air than while camping.	10	64
essay11.txt	2	Campers are friendly and enjoy the company of fellow campers	Campers are friendly and enjoy the company of fellow campers.	54	64
essay11.txt	2	The sun rays help the human body with the production of vitamin D	The sun rays help the human body with the production of vitamin D. In fact, other than popping a vitamin pill, the only way that a body can produce vitamin D is through the exposure to the sun.	12	64
essay11.txt	2	other than popping a vitamin pill, the only way that a body can produce vitamin D is through the exposure to the sun	The sun rays help the human body with the production of vitamin D. In fact, other than popping a vitamin pill, the only way that a body can produce vitamin D is through the exposure to the sun.	12	64
essay11.txt	2	Cooking a chicken over campfire, cooking an apple pie in a dutch oven, and cooking a burger wrapped in foil on the coals of a camp fire can put the best gourmet chefs to shame	Cooking a chicken over campfire, cooking an apple pie in a dutch oven, and cooking a burger wrapped in foil on the coals of a camp fire can put the best gourmet chefs to shame.	48	64
essay11.txt	2	These well planned meals are sometimes the best meals that campers have ever had	These well planned meals are sometimes the best meals that campers have ever had.	47	64
essay11.txt	2	Campers need to think out their meals thoroughly prior to making a trip	Campers need to think out their meals thoroughly prior to making a trip.	46	64
essay11.txt	2	Cooking over a fire makes burgers and potatoes taste better than can be found at any fast food place	Cooking over a fire makes burgers and potatoes taste better than can be found at any fast food place.	45	64
essay11.txt	2	Taking a simple walk around the campsite, the camper can encounter these people and hear the most amazing stories	Taking a simple walk around the campsite, the camper can encounter these people and hear the most amazing stories.	53	64
essay11.txt	2	Campers can come from every state, and sometimes different countries	Campers can come from every state, and sometimes different countries.	52	64
essay11.txt	3	Some of the people that can be met while camping can make the entire trip better	Some of the people that can be met while camping can make the entire trip better.	51	64
essay11.txt	2	Perhaps it is the fresh smoke, the clean air or just the fact that a camper's senses are heightened	Perhaps it is the fresh smoke, the clean air or just the fact that a camper's senses are heightened.	49	64
essay11.txt	3	camping can also make campers realize the overlooked luxuries that they experience day to day	Sometimes camping can also make campers realize the overlooked luxuries that they experience day to day.	56	64
essay11.txt	1	camping is an experience that should be tried by everyone	Whatever the definition is, camping is an experience that should be tried by everyone.	4	64
essay11.txt	2	Spending time camping is a great way to revitalize the lungs	Spending time camping is a great way to revitalize the lungs.	7	64
essay11.txt	2	the air within homes and other buildings can be more seriously polluted than the outdoor air in even the largest and most industrialized cities	The same article goes on to state "In the last several years, a growing body of scientific evidence has indicated that the air within homes and other buildings can be more seriously polluted than the outdoor air in even the largest and most industrialized cities."	6	64
essay11.txt	2	Feeling the warm rays of the sun hit the face is always a welcome sensation	Feeling the warm rays of the sun hit the face is always a welcome sensation.	13	64
essay11.txt	3	Being outside in the sun is another great advantage of camping	Being outside in the sun is another great advantage of camping.	14	64
essay11.txt	3	Camping is a great way to have fun while keeping the overall cost down	Camping is a great way to have fun while keeping the overall cost down.	16	64
essay11.txt	2	A one night stay at Sands of Time RV Park costs twenty two dollars a night	A one night stay at Sands of Time RV Park costs twenty two dollars a night.	17	64
essay11.txt	2	That fee includes water, sewer, and electric	That fee includes water, sewer, and electric.	18	64
essay11.txt	2	Flush toilets, warm showers, central heating and air, and even the lack of bugs accompanying the sleeping camper are some of the luxuries that are missed the most	Flush toilets, warm showers, central heating and air, and even the lack of bugs accompanying the sleeping camper are some of the luxuries that are missed the most.	57	64
essay11.txt	2	A stay in a condo in the same area will cost at least $645.00 for the week	A stay in a condo in the same area will cost at least $645.00 for the week.	19	64
essay11.txt	3	A small weekend away from these luxuries can make the campers realize how lucky they are in their day to day living	A small weekend away from these luxuries can make the campers realize how lucky they are in their day to day living.	58	64
essay11.txt	2	A condo will cost the family $491 more than a campsite	A condo will cost the family $491 more than a campsite.	20	64
essay11.txt	2	Camping has no requirements other than willing participants	Camping has no requirements other than willing participants.	60	64
essay11.txt	3	That difference in price can make a camping trip a good possibility while keeping the overall costs down to a minimum	That difference in price can make a camping trip a good possibility while keeping the overall costs down to a minimum.	21	64
essay11.txt	3	Camping is one of the most basic and enjoyable activities that can be experienced by all	Camping is one of the most basic and enjoyable activities that can be experienced by all.	59	64
essay11.txt	3	Camping gives anyone the possibility to go places that they have never been before	Camping gives anyone the possibility to go places that they have never been before.	22	64
essay11.txt	2	No matter if the camping is experienced in a tent or in a luxury camper, getting outside, in the wilderness can provide a lifetime of memories	No matter if the camping is experienced in a tent or in a luxury camper, getting outside, in the wilderness can provide a lifetime of memories.	62	64
essay11.txt	2	Camping can take you to Yosemite, or into the Band Lands of South Dakota	Camping can take you to Yosemite, or into the Band Lands of South Dakota.	23	64
essay11.txt	2	Camping doesn't discriminate, doesn't have deadlines and has nothing but fun around each corner	Camping doesn't discriminate, doesn't have deadlines and has nothing but fun around each corner.	61	64
essay11.txt	2	Camping has something for everyone	Camping has something for everyone.	63	64
essay11.txt	0	Everyone Should Go Camping.	Everyone Should Go Camping.	0	64
essay11.txt	0	Camping can take on many definitions.	Camping can take on many definitions.	1	64
essay11.txt	0	Camping to one person can mean seclusion in the middle of a forest.	Camping to one person can mean seclusion in the middle of a forest.	2	64
essay11.txt	0	Another individual might think camping as a motor home with all the amenities of their house, including the kitchen sink.	Another individual might think camping as a motor home with all the amenities of their house, including the kitchen sink.	3	64
essay11.txt	0	The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has posted on their website, http://www.epa.gov/iaq/pubs/insidest.html, that approximately 90% of a person's life is spent indoors.	The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has posted on their website, http://www.epa.gov/iaq/pubs/insidest.html, that approximately 90% of a person's life is spent indoors.	5	64
essay11.txt	0	With the recent downturn of the economy, people are always trying to find ways to have fun at a relative inexpensive cost.	With the recent downturn of the economy, people are always trying to find ways to have fun at a relative inexpensive cost.	15	64
essay11.txt	0	The benefits of camping can also be seen in families.	The benefits of camping can also be seen in families.	34	64
essay11.txt	0	Food is always a item that people cannot do without.	Food is always a item that people cannot do without.	43	64
essay12.txt	2	Drugs, alcohol, and firearms in lockers make a harmless place like school quite dangerous	Drugs, alcohol, and firearms in lockers make a harmless place like school quite dangerous.	8	33
essay12.txt	2	School was known to be a secure environment for children where they could learn and have a have a fun time with friends	School was known to be a secure environment for children where they could learn and have a have a fun time with friends.	9	33
essay12.txt	1	Random locker checks should be made obligatory	Random locker checks should be made obligatory and done frequently to assure the wellbeing of the students.	5	33
essay12.txt	2	Safety is a problem in every environment and especially school	Safety is a problem in every environment and especially school.	7	33
essay12.txt	2	School is a place to learn, not a place to bring malicious substances, electronics and etc	School is a place to learn, not a place to bring malicious substances, electronics and etc.	26	33
essay12.txt	2	Security guards at school increase security and security dogs help find drugs with their noses	Security guards at school increase security and security dogs help find drugs with their noses.	25	33
essay12.txt	2	The students who are yet to be caught will learn from the mistakes of other students and will stop	The students who are yet to be caught will learn from the mistakes of other students and will stop.	23	33
essay12.txt	2	In the past 10 years that has all changed	In the past 10 years that has all changed.	10	33
essay12.txt	2	there are frequent locker checks and other students are getting caught and punished for it	Lastly, more students will comply with the school policies because there are frequent locker checks and other students are getting caught and punished for it.	22	33
essay12.txt	2	The number of school shootings has increased significantly	The number of school shootings has increased significantly.	11	33
essay12.txt	3	only learning material should be brought to school	So, only learning material should be brought to school.	27	33
essay12.txt	3	With the continued discouraging of bringing drugs and weapons, a completely secure school will become an accomplishable goal	With the continued discouraging of bringing drugs and weapons, a completely secure school will become an accomplishable goal.	28	33
essay12.txt	3	To increase the effect of locker checks, they should be done with security guards and dogs	To increase the effect of locker checks, they should be done with security guards and dogs.	24	33
essay12.txt	3	more students will comply with the school policies	Lastly, more students will comply with the school policies because there are frequent locker checks and other students are getting caught and punished for it.	22	33
essay12.txt	2	If the school is safe, students will no be frightened or strained	If the school is safe, students will no be frightened or strained.	21	33
essay12.txt	2	Without the use of drugs, school security will increase dramatically	Without the use of drugs, school security will increase dramatically.	20	33
essay12.txt	2	Random locker checks are not done to torment and/or invade the privacy of the students, but for many other important reasons which include school security	Random locker checks are not done to torment and/or invade the privacy of the students, but for many other important reasons which include school security.	3	33
essay12.txt	2	malicious students bring drugs and weapons to school and store them in the lockers	These checks are required because malicious students bring drugs and weapons to school and store them in the lockers.	4	33
essay12.txt	2	These checks are required	These checks are required because malicious students bring drugs and weapons to school and store them in the lockers.	4	33
essay12.txt	2	Last year on April 16th the most deadly school shooting in U.S. history occurred	Last year on April 16th the most deadly school shooting in U.S. history occurred.	12	33
essay12.txt	2	In this brutal massacre at Virginia Tech, 32 students were murdered and several more were wounded	In this brutal massacre at Virginia Tech, 32 students were murdered and several more were wounded.	13	33
essay12.txt	3	To combat this growing epidemic, schools carry out repeated locker checks	To combat this growing epidemic, schools carry out repeated locker checks.	14	33
essay12.txt	3	locker checks help increase the safety in schools	In the first place, locker checks help increase the safety in schools.	6	33
essay12.txt	3	locker checks keep students healthy	In the second place, locker checks keep students healthy.	15	33
essay12.txt	2	privacy will be invaded not only at school, so students have to accept it	Like it or not, privacy will be invaded not only at school, so students have to accept it.	32	33
essay12.txt	2	Locker checks help students stay both physically and mentally healthy	Locker checks help students stay both physically and mentally healthy because it discourages students from bringing fire arms and especially drugs.	16	33
essay12.txt	2	Privacy is a small price to pay for security against drugs and weapons	Privacy is a small price to pay for security against drugs and weapons.	31	33
essay12.txt	2	it discourages students from bringing fire arms and especially drugs	Locker checks help students stay both physically and mentally healthy because it discourages students from bringing fire arms and especially drugs.	16	33
essay12.txt	2	drugs induce immense physical damage and when it is overdosed drugs can lead to death	As everyone knows, drugs induce immense physical damage and when it is overdosed drugs can lead to death.	17	33
essay12.txt	2	drugs completely destroy a student's life	As a result, drugs completely destroy a student's life.	18	33
essay12.txt	3	Locker checks should be made mandatory and done frequently	Locker checks should be made mandatory and done frequently because they assure security in schools, makes students healthy, and will make students obey school policies in the future.	29	33
essay12.txt	3	To prevent problems like this locker checks are required	To prevent problems like this locker checks are required.	19	33
essay12.txt	3	Students should appreciate locker checks and other measures taken by the school to protect the school and the students	Students should appreciate locker checks and other measures taken by the school to protect the school and the students.	30	33
essay12.txt	2	they assure security in schools, makes students healthy, and will make students obey school policies in the future	Locker checks should be made mandatory and done frequently because they assure security in schools, makes students healthy, and will make students obey school policies in the future.	29	33
essay12.txt	0	Locker Checks.	Locker Checks.	0	33
essay12.txt	0	Why shouldn't schools do locker checks?	Why shouldn't schools do locker checks?	1	33
essay12.txt	0	Why do many students oppose locker checks?	Why do many students oppose locker checks?	2	33
essay13.txt	3	there are still jobs which require the expertise of a human employee	On the other hand, there are still jobs which require the expertise of a human employee especially when it entails decision-making situations.	2	13
essay13.txt	3	One example of a job that got replaced by the availability of technology or computer to the public is the reservation and ticketing officers of travel agencies and airlines	One example of a job that got replaced by the availability of technology or computer to the public is the reservation and ticketing officers of travel agencies and airlines.	3	13
essay13.txt	2	it entails decision-making situations	On the other hand, there are still jobs which require the expertise of a human employee especially when it entails decision-making situations.	2	13
essay13.txt	2	there would still be several customers that prefer to talk with an agent in completing their purchase of a ticket	But of course, there would still be several customers that prefer to talk with an agent in completing their purchase of a ticket.	6	13
essay13.txt	2	they are just comfortable dealing with a human being than a computer	They may have several reasons to it but then maybe they are just comfortable dealing with a human being than a computer.	7	13
essay13.txt	2	You can now see the availability of your intended travel dates online, make the reservation, know the price of the ticket you want to purchase and pay conveniently with your credit card and you're all done	You can now see the availability of your intended travel dates online, make the reservation, know the price of the ticket you want to purchase and pay conveniently with your credit card and you're all done.	4	13
essay13.txt	2	You even have the choice of printing your own ticket or just pick it up at the airport at the day of your departure	You even have the choice of printing your own ticket or just pick it up at the airport at the day of your departure.	5	13
essay13.txt	2	it cannot definitely replace them	It's true that technology and computers do make their jobs easier but it cannot definitely replace them.	9	13
essay13.txt	2	It can have less work for them	It can have less work for them, just for instance, instead of opening up a patient to get a gallstone, they would just use an instrument that would make a point incision and guide it through inside the body to do the job for them.	10	13
essay13.txt	2	instead of opening up a patient to get a gallstone, they would just use an instrument that would make a point incision and guide it through inside the body to do the job for them	It can have less work for them, just for instance, instead of opening up a patient to get a gallstone, they would just use an instrument that would make a point incision and guide it through inside the body to do the job for them.	10	13
essay13.txt	1	technology and computers cannot eventually replace the workforce and drive employees to be jobless	With this, i still believe that technology and computers cannot eventually replace the workforce and drive employees to be jobless.	11	13
essay13.txt	3	Jobs that the most computer can do is assist, would be that of a medical doctor	Jobs that the most computer can do is assist, would be that of a medical doctor.	8	13
essay13.txt	2	We still need the personal touch of a human in each and everything that technology or computer could offer us	We still need the personal touch of a human in each and everything that technology or computer could offer us.	12	13
essay13.txt	2	technology and computers do make their jobs easier	It's true that technology and computers do make their jobs easier but it cannot definitely replace them.	9	13
essay13.txt	0	Computer replace  man power in jobs.	Computer replace  man power in jobs.	0	13
essay13.txt	0	With the current trend today of the ever-changing technology, it cannot be denied that several jobs are replaceable.	With the current trend today of the ever-changing technology, it cannot be denied that several jobs are replaceable.	1	13
essay14.txt	1	students learn far more from their teachers than from other source	Personally, I think that students learn far more from their teachers than from other source.	16	19
essay14.txt	2	they find it quite helpful	Now, many students learn from Internet after class and they find it quite helpful.	4	19
essay14.txt	2	not only do teachers teach us knowlegde but also the skills to tell right from wrong	Because not only do teachers teach us knowlegde but also the skills to tell right from wrong.	17	19
essay14.txt	2	teachers teach students how to write, read and calculate since they are in kindergarten	They argue that teachers teach students how to write, read and calculate since they are in kindergarten.	6	19
essay14.txt	2	when they are in primary school, teachers teach them more further knowledge, like writing skills and using computers	And when they are in primary school, teachers teach them more further knowledge, like writing skills and using computers.	7	19
essay14.txt	3	many students learn from Internet after class	Now, many students learn from Internet after class and they find it quite helpful.	4	19
essay14.txt	2	They all enrich our daily lives	They all enrich our daily lives.	3	19
essay14.txt	3	students at schools and universities still learn much more from lessons with teachers	Many people find that students at schools and universities still learn much more from lessons with teachers.	5	19
essay14.txt	3	students learn far more from other sources, such as the Internet and television	Those who feel that students learn far more from other sources, such as the Internet and television, frimly believe that within this sources students learn lots of things which they can't learn in classes.	10	19
essay14.txt	2	within this sources students learn lots of things which they can't learn in classes	Those who feel that students learn far more from other sources, such as the Internet and television, frimly believe that within this sources students learn lots of things which they can't learn in classes.	10	19
essay14.txt	2	They can only input some key words and google it, and then there are numberless articles and websites related to it	They can only input some key words and google it, and then there are numberless articles and websites related to it.	11	19
essay14.txt	2	It is teachers that help them with obstacles in schooling	It is teachers that help them with obstacles in schooling.	8	19
essay14.txt	2	stundents learn things easily	In this case, stundents learn things easily.	12	19
essay14.txt	2	students gain most of the knowledge through teachers and learn what is right and wrong with the assistance of teachers	On the other hand, students gain most of the knowledge through teachers and learn what is right and wrong with the assistance of teachers.	9	19
essay14.txt	2	they contend that good television programmes do teach students	Moreover, they contend that good television programmes do teach students.	13	19
essay14.txt	2	Discovery Channel has many instructive episodes	For instance, Discovery Channel has many instructive episodes.	14	19
essay14.txt	2	Students have knowledge of others cultrues, outer space etc	Students have knowledge of others cultrues, outer space etc.	15	19
essay14.txt	0	Lessons with teachers versus others sources.	Lessons with teachers versus others sources.	0	19
essay14.txt	0	Over the last half century the change in the life of human begings has increased beyond our wildest expectations.	Over the last half century the change in the life of human begings has increased beyond our wildest expectations.	1	19
essay14.txt	0	There are countless new technological equipments flooding into our lives, such as the Internet, television and cell phone.	There are countless new technological equipments flooding into our lives, such as the Internet, television and cell phone.	2	19
essay14.txt	0	Just imagine: if a student can't even make out whether the source is reasonable or not , then how can he get the right information to help him to learn?	Just imagine: if a student can't even make out whether the source is reasonable or not , then how can he get the right information to help him to learn?	18	19
essay15.txt	1	they may be factors decreasing the position of written language	With this situation, some people believe that they may be factors decreasing the position of written language.	2	19
essay15.txt	3	it is easy to point out many benefits users can get from email and text messaging, which answers to the question of their great popularity	First of all, it is easy to point out many benefits users can get from email and text messaging, which answers to the question of their great popularity.	4	19
essay15.txt	2	we can see today about the use of these new means	I am in favor of that idea because of their advantages and the fact we can see today about the use of these new means.	3	19
essay15.txt	2	email and cell phones have improved the obstacles above	However, email and cell phones have improved the obstacles above.	7	19
essay15.txt	2	People can send or receive electronic letters anywhere and anytime they want	People can send or receive electronic letters anywhere and anytime they want.	8	19
essay15.txt	2	Before email and mobile phone, human beings communicated by meeting directly, sending letters or later, calling from home phones	Before email and mobile phone, human beings communicated by meeting directly, sending letters or later, calling from home phones.	5	19
essay15.txt	2	Such ways usually made people have troubles for the expensiveness, difficulties in far communication or emergency and the loss of information	Such ways usually made people have troubles for the expensiveness, difficulties in far communication or emergency and the loss of information.	6	19
essay15.txt	3	The popularity of email and text messaging, as a result, leads to the losing of written language's position	The popularity of email and text messaging, as a result, leads to the losing of written language's position.	11	19
essay15.txt	3	If that tendency continues at a rapid pace, written language may face up to a real problem about its stand	If that tendency continues at a rapid pace, written language may face up to a real problem about its stand.	16	19
essay15.txt	2	People tend to use slangs and abbreviated words to shorten their writing and save more time in communicating for other activities	People tend to use slangs and abbreviated words to shorten their writing and save more time in communicating for other activities.	12	19
essay15.txt	2	language in writing is not in its original form	The outcome is that language in writing is not in its original form.	13	19
essay15.txt	2	thanks to the function provided by email and text messaging (SMS), it is cheaper and faster to transfer a lot of information, even to many people at the same time	Especially, thanks to the function provided by email and text messaging (SMS), it is cheaper and faster to transfer a lot of information, even to many people at the same time.	9	19
essay15.txt	2	people compose a message with only emoticons (the expressions by face created by service providers)	Even in some cases, people compose a message with only emoticons (the expressions by face created by service providers), which means there is no room for writing or typing texts.	14	19
essay15.txt	2	They are so convenient that the majority of population prefer to use them instead of some traditional ways	They are so convenient that the majority of population prefer to use them instead of some traditional ways.	10	19
essay15.txt	2	there is no room for writing or typing texts	Even in some cases, people compose a message with only emoticons (the expressions by face created by service providers), which means there is no room for writing or typing texts.	14	19
essay15.txt	2	it is more dangerous that youngsters sometimes use such new languages in their studying, writing assignments	Moreover, it is more dangerous that youngsters sometimes use such new languages in their studying, writing assignments.	15	19
essay15.txt	3	we cannot deny the threat from email and text messaging to the status of written language because their obvious popularity	In conclusion, we cannot deny the threat from email and text messaging to the status of written language because their obvious popularity.	17	19
essay15.txt	3	educators and individuals themselves, especially the youths should pay ore attention to this matter	Nevertheless, educators and individuals themselves, especially the youths should pay ore attention to this matter so that we can take advantages of the new language along with preserving the traditional one.	18	19
essay15.txt	2	we can take advantages of the new language along with preserving the traditional one	Nevertheless, educators and individuals themselves, especially the youths should pay ore attention to this matter so that we can take advantages of the new language along with preserving the traditional one.	18	19
essay15.txt	0	Email and text messaging threats written language.	Email and text messaging threats written language.	0	19
essay15.txt	0	The introduction of email and text messaging has brought about considerable changes in communication.	The introduction of email and text messaging has brought about considerable changes in communication.	1	19
essay16.txt	1	it is a dramatically cruel activity to humanity if the latest foods or medicines are allowed to sold without testing on animals	Some opponents says that it is cruel to animals and nature, however, I believe that no sensible person will deny that it is a dramatically cruel activity to humanity if the latest foods or medicines are allowed to sold without testing on animals.	2	13
essay16.txt	2	if there are no animals in the world, the balance of nature will broke down, and we, human, will die out as well	First of all, as we all know, animals are friendly and vital for people, because if there are no animals in the world, the balance of nature will broke down, and we, human, will die out as well.	4	13
essay16.txt	2	animals are friendly and vital for people	First of all, as we all know, animals are friendly and vital for people, because if there are no animals in the world, the balance of nature will broke down, and we, human, will die out as well.	4	13
essay16.txt	2	animal experiments have negative impact on the natural balance	Though animal experiments have negative impact on the natural balance, it is necessary to make sure that people can live a long life.	7	13
essay16.txt	2	it is necessary to make sure that people can live a long life	Though animal experiments have negative impact on the natural balance, it is necessary to make sure that people can live a long life.	7	13
essay16.txt	2	The animal experiments accelerate the vanishing of some categories of animals	The animal experiments accelerate the vanishing of some categories of animals.	5	13
essay16.txt	3	doing this various testing is a hazard of human's future and next generation	In other words, doing this various testing is a hazard of human's future and next generation.	6	13
essay16.txt	2	The new foods or medicines are invented to promote the quantity of human's life	The new foods or medicines are invented to promote the quantity of human's life.	9	13
essay16.txt	3	even if they are volunteers; they cannot take the place of animals to test the new foods or medicines	Thus even if they are volunteers; they cannot take the place of animals to test the new foods or medicines.	10	13
essay16.txt	3	it also have potentially harm for human's health without any testing	Furthermore, it also have potentially harm for human's health without any testing.	11	13
essay16.txt	2	there is some disadvantages of animals' profits	To sum up, I reaffirm that although there is some disadvantages of animals' profits, the merits of animal experiments still outweigh the demerits.	12	13
essay16.txt	2	it is indisputable that every new kind food or pill may be noxious	To begin with, it is indisputable that every new kind food or pill may be noxious, and scientists must do something to insure that the new invention benefits people instead of making people ill or even dying.	8	13
essay16.txt	3	the merits of animal experiments still outweigh the demerits	To sum up, I reaffirm that although there is some disadvantages of animals' profits, the merits of animal experiments still outweigh the demerits.	12	13
essay16.txt	2	scientists must do something to insure that the new invention benefits people instead of making people ill or even dying	To begin with, it is indisputable that every new kind food or pill may be noxious, and scientists must do something to insure that the new invention benefits people instead of making people ill or even dying.	8	13
essay16.txt	0	Using animals for the benefit of the human beings.	Using animals for the benefit of the human beings.	0	13
essay16.txt	0	With the rapid development of the standard of people's life, increasing numbers of animal experiments are done, new medicines and foods, for instance.	With the rapid development of the standard of people's life, increasing numbers of animal experiments are done, new medicines and foods, for instance.	1	13
essay16.txt	0	In my essay, I will discuss this issue from twofold aspects.	In my essay, I will discuss this issue from twofold aspects.	3	13
essay17.txt	3	These problems will be dealt with if the richer countries agree to help by donating free drugs for the inflected population, sending doctors and nurses to treat and educate those in need, teaching the inflected citizens how to prevent this disease spread	These problems will be dealt with if the richer countries agree to help by donating free drugs for the inflected population, sending doctors and nurses to treat and educate those in need, teaching the inflected citizens how to prevent this disease spread.	7	15
essay17.txt	3	the rich countries play an important role in helping poor countries develop important areas such as trade, health and education	In conclusion, the rich countries play an important role in helping poor countries develop important areas such as trade, health and education.	13	15
essay17.txt	2	their countries locate in areas where lack of natural resources and have bad weather conditions for development as well	Most of the people in African and poor countries live in difficult conditions because of their countries locate in areas where lack of natural resources and have bad weather conditions for development as well.	5	15
essay17.txt	2	In these countries, citizens are in need for foods, corrupt and unemployment rate is at high level, the consequences of AIDS are devastating quickly	In these countries, citizens are in need for foods, corrupt and unemployment rate is at high level, the consequences of AIDS are devastating quickly.	6	15
essay17.txt	2	Besides rely on helps from rich countries, poor countries should take efforts by themselves	Besides rely on helps from rich countries, poor countries should take efforts by themselves.	14	15
essay17.txt	2	The poor countries are buried in debts which are caused by loans they borrowed from The World Bank and the rich countries	The poor countries are buried in debts which are caused by loans they borrowed from The World Bank and the rich countries.	3	15
essay17.txt	2	Most of the people in African and poor countries live in difficult conditions	Most of the people in African and poor countries live in difficult conditions because of their countries locate in areas where lack of natural resources and have bad weather conditions for development as well.	5	15
essay17.txt	1	the richer countries should take efforts in improving important areas in the less fortune countries	To ease this difference and help the less fortune countries, the richer countries should take efforts in improving important areas in the less fortune countries.	4	15
essay17.txt	0	Should rich countries help poor countries?	Should rich countries help poor countries?	0	15
essay17.txt	0	Nowadays, the world includes developing countries and developed countries.	Nowadays, the world includes developing countries and developed countries.	1	15
essay17.txt	0	The difference between them is amount of money that governments use in critical areas such as commerce, health, education.	The difference between them is amount of money that governments use in critical areas such as commerce, health, education.	2	15
essay17.txt	0	Furthermore, most economies of developing countries depends on exporting raw material and agricultural products as rice, corn.	Furthermore, most economies of developing countries depends on exporting raw material and agricultural products as rice, corn.	8	15
essay17.txt	0	Then, they buy industrialized products from developed countries which result in financial deficit.	Then, they buy industrialized products from developed countries which result in financial deficit.	9	15
essay17.txt	0	This made poor countries have to borrow significant amount of money from World Bank which they can not repay even interest.	This made poor countries have to borrow significant amount of money from World Bank which they can not repay even interest.	10	15
essay17.txt	0	Sometimes, the money disappears without any impact.	Sometimes, the money disappears without any impact.	11	15
essay17.txt	0	Regarding to this issue, the G8 which include eight richest countries decided to forgive billions of dollars in debts owned by poor countries.	Regarding to this issue, the G8 which include eight richest countries decided to forgive billions of dollars in debts owned by poor countries.	12	15
essay18.txt	2	in the past time, women worked at home and performed sophisticated work	Contrastingly, in the past time, women worked at home and performed sophisticated work.	2	24
essay18.txt	3	This tendency enforces universities to accept student according to the gender	This tendency enforces universities to accept student according to the gender.	5	24
essay18.txt	2	in present time women must do such type of work only	They still believe that in present time women must do such type of work only.	4	24
essay18.txt	2	nowadays women are working in home as well as in the sky	For example, nowadays women are working in home as well as in the sky.	8	24
essay18.txt	2	They are acting as a good housewife and they are flying planes also	They are acting as a good housewife and they are flying planes also.	9	24
essay18.txt	3	Universities should accept equal numbers of students of both genders	Universities should accept equal numbers of students of both genders.	6	24
essay18.txt	2	women have proved themselves in every field whether it is indoor or outdoor	Initially, if we look into the fact, women have proved themselves in every field whether it is indoor or outdoor.	7	24
essay18.txt	2	the current job market affects the decision of universities	However, the current job market affects the decision of universities.	12	24
essay18.txt	2	Every university designs its courses according to the need of employers	Every university designs its courses according to the need of employers.	13	24
essay18.txt	2	The job selection criteria are pre decided	The job selection criteria are pre decided.	14	24
essay18.txt	2	employers need male candidates for the heavy work such as repairing and installation of heavy machine	For instance employers need male candidates for the heavy work such as repairing and installation of heavy machine.	15	24
essay18.txt	2	university authority must not be biased on ground of the gender discrimination	Furthermore, university authority must not be biased on ground of the gender discrimination.	10	24
essay18.txt	2	They prefer male staff for night shifts	They prefer male staff for night shifts.	16	24
essay18.txt	2	They must consider the academic record of the student as main criteria of admission	They must consider the academic record of the student as main criteria of admission.	11	24
essay18.txt	2	They want female candidates for soft natured work like counseling, teaching, designing etc	They want female candidates for soft natured work like counseling, teaching, designing etc.	17	24
essay18.txt	3	universities follow the requirement of job providers and decide subject suitable for particular gender	Therefore, universities follow the requirement of job providers and decide subject suitable for particular gender.	18	24
essay18.txt	1	universities much open choice for everyone to select his subject	To conclude, I strongly believe that universities much open choice for everyone to select his subject.	19	24
essay18.txt	2	Our youth has become very confident towards his career	Our youth has become very confident towards his career.	20	24
essay18.txt	2	we must give them opportunity to achieve their goal	So we must give them opportunity to achieve their goal.	23	24
essay18.txt	2	They are not ready to be bound in certain limitations	They are not ready to be bound in certain limitations.	21	24
essay18.txt	2	Female candidates also do not care about any restriction posed by the society and the employer	Female candidates also do not care about any restriction posed by the society and the employer.	22	24
essay18.txt	0	Gender Equality at university admission.	Gender Equality at university admission.	0	24
essay18.txt	0	Nowadays men and women are equally participating in every field.	Nowadays men and women are equally participating in every field.	1	24
essay18.txt	0	This factor is still affecting thinking of many people.	This factor is still affecting thinking of many people.	3	24
essay19.txt	2	school and university students and teachers are always the guests of museums	As can be seen, school and university students and teachers are always the guests of museums because the places are where they can discover and obtain a large amount of information related to their studies and teaching.	9	14
essay19.txt	2	the places are where they can discover and obtain a large amount of information related to their studies and teaching	As can be seen, school and university students and teachers are always the guests of museums because the places are where they can discover and obtain a large amount of information related to their studies and teaching.	9	14
essay19.txt	3	This, therefore, makes museums a place to entertain in people leisure time	This, therefore, makes museums a place to entertain in people leisure time.	7	14
essay19.txt	2	visiting museums is clearly seen as both means of entertainment and education	In conclusion, visiting museums is clearly seen as both means of entertainment and education.	12	14
essay19.txt	2	the establishment of a particular museum like history, science, or oceanography is usually attached to educational purposes	On the other hand, the establishment of a particular museum like history, science, or oceanography is usually attached to educational purposes.	8	14
essay19.txt	1	people should perceive the value of museums in enhancing their own knowledge	However, from my viewpoint, people should perceive the value of museums in enhancing their own knowledge about the world they live in.	13	14
essay19.txt	2	there are a number of seminars and conferences held at museums that are informative and necessary for scholars and experts in their fields of research	In addition, there are a number of seminars and conferences held at museums that are informative and necessary for scholars and experts in their fields of research.	10	14
essay19.txt	3	museums prove the supporting role in human education	In this way, museums prove the supporting role in human education.	11	14
essay19.txt	2	museums such as art and music can offer people with a wide range of entertainment activities	Firstly, museums such as art and music can offer people with a wide range of entertainment activities.	4	14
essay19.txt	2	many visitors nowadays may choose to come to museums just for pleasure or as one of the activities that they take part in their holiday trips	Another point is that many visitors nowadays may choose to come to museums just for pleasure or as one of the activities that they take part in their holiday trips.	6	14
essay19.txt	2	they often organise traditional music events performed by local or other famous artists that people can attend to and enjoy to some extent	For example, they often organise traditional music events performed by local or other famous artists that people can attend to and enjoy to some extent.	5	14
essay19.txt	0	Museums as a form of entertainment or education?	Museums as a form of entertainment or education?	0	14
essay19.txt	0	In our world today, there is a wide variety of museums where people can travel to and see differently interesting things.	In our world today, there is a wide variety of museums where people can travel to and see differently interesting things.	1	14
essay19.txt	0	Some people state that visiting museums is only a form of recreation; others disagree, arguing that museums play a role in education.	Some people state that visiting museums is only a form of recreation; others disagree, arguing that museums play a role in education.	2	14
essay19.txt	0	In fact, each of these arguments has its own validity.	In fact, each of these arguments has its own validity.	3	14
essay20.txt	1	more reponsibilities should put on private individuals and companies such as paying to clean up air pollution	I believe that more reponsibilities should put on private individuals and companies such as paying to clean up air pollution.	2	14
essay20.txt	2	The waste products and harmful gases produced by these factories cause a significant amount of air pollution	The waste products and harmful gases produced by these factories cause a significant amount of air pollution.	4	14
essay20.txt	2	in most industrialised countries, there is a number of companies that holds heavy factories in their constitutions	First, in most industrialised countries, there is a number of companies that holds heavy factories in their constitutions.	3	14
essay20.txt	2	private individuals cause air pollution in several ways such as inessential use of cars and house heating	Second, private individuals cause air pollution in several ways such as inessential use of cars and house heating.	7	14
essay20.txt	2	As house heating is a major need in the winter time, some households do not consider to use filters to reduce the amount of pollution that the heating causes	As house heating is a major need in the winter time, some households do not consider to use filters to reduce the amount of pollution that the heating causes.	8	14
essay20.txt	2	While these companies make a huge amount of money from their bussinesses, most of them are not considering to take precautions to reduce the amount of air pollution	While these companies make a huge amount of money from their bussinesses, most of them are not considering to take precautions to reduce the amount of air pollution.	5	14
essay20.txt	3	If these companies were obliged to pay to clean up the air pollution, they would at least make an effort to reduce the amount of air pollution they cause	If these companies were obliged to pay to clean up the air pollution, they would at least make an effort to reduce the amount of air pollution they cause.	6	14
essay20.txt	3	governments should restrict the use of products that cause air pollution for both individuals and companies	On the other hand, I believe that governments should restrict the use of products that cause air pollution for both individuals and companies.	11	14
essay20.txt	3	Governments also should use an amount of money from their budgets to clean up the air	Governments also should use an amount of money from their budgets to clean up the air, instead of putting all the responsibility to companies and private individuals.	12	14
essay20.txt	2	governments are responsible to provide a healthy enviorement for their inhabitants	In conclusion, due to the fact that governments are responsible to provide a healthy enviorement for their inhabitants and they should be responsible from cleaning up the air pollution, both companies and private individuals should take the main part to clean up the air pollution.	13	14
essay20.txt	2	they should be responsible from cleaning up the air pollution	In conclusion, due to the fact that governments are responsible to provide a healthy enviorement for their inhabitants and they should be responsible from cleaning up the air pollution, both companies and private individuals should take the main part to clean up the air pollution.	13	14
essay20.txt	2	some expensive wehicles cause a huge amount of pollution	Instead of this, some expensive wehicles cause a huge amount of pollution.	9	14
essay20.txt	3	both companies and private individuals should take the main part to clean up the air pollution	In conclusion, due to the fact that governments are responsible to provide a healthy enviorement for their inhabitants and they should be responsible from cleaning up the air pollution, both companies and private individuals should take the main part to clean up the air pollution.	13	14
essay20.txt	3	by charging private indiviuals for causing air pollution, that will at least contribute to reduce the amount of the pollution	In my opinion, by charging private indiviuals for causing air pollution, that will at least contribute to reduce the amount of the pollution.	10	14
essay20.txt	0	Air pollution.	Air pollution.	0	14
essay20.txt	0	Air pullution is an issue threatening the enviorement in many different ways such as causing holes in the ozone and affecting global heating in the nagitve way.	Air pullution is an issue threatening the enviorement in many different ways such as causing holes in the ozone and affecting global heating in the nagitve way.	1	14
essay21.txt	1	advertising is the major reason for high sales of a product	In my opinion, advertising is the major reason for high sales of a product for several reasons.	5	21
essay21.txt	2	it is not sufficient in itself	However, it is not sufficient in itself.	3	21
essay21.txt	2	The most effective way to convince consumers to purchase a product is through advertising	The most effective way to convince consumers to purchase a product is through advertising.	2	21
essay21.txt	2	advertisers push the limits of creativity to dispose the consumers to purchase the product	Therefore, advertisers push the limits of creativity to dispose the consumers to purchase the product.	7	21
essay21.txt	2	When the consumers are impressed by the way a product is advertised, they can be convinced to consider that the product is a need in some cases	When the consumers are impressed by the way a product is advertised, they can be convinced to consider that the product is a need in some cases.	8	21
essay21.txt	2	The product also should satisfy the needs of the consumers	The product also should satisfy the needs of the consumers.	4	21
essay21.txt	3	We are mainly introduced to products through advertisements	We are mainly introduced to products through advertisements.	6	21
essay21.txt	2	the number of that product being sold will increases	As a result of this, the number of that product being sold will increases.	11	21
essay21.txt	3	advertisements have undeniable affects on the society about the product being advertised	Considering this fact, advertisements have undeniable affects on the society about the product being advertised.	18	21
essay21.txt	2	They make the product preferable	They make the product preferable.	19	21
essay21.txt	2	the more an advertisement of a product takes place in mass media, the more popular the product becomes	Also, the more an advertisement of a product takes place in mass media, the more popular the product becomes.	12	21
essay21.txt	2	there is a very creative advertisements of a soft drink product on TV	Recently, there is a very creative advertisements of a soft drink product on TV.	9	21
essay21.txt	2	Advertisement is the most effective way to create a well-known product	Advertisement is the most effective way to create a well-known product.	13	21
essay21.txt	2	The story delivers a desired call to drink that soft drink that people tend to drink when the weather is too hot	The story delivers a desired call to drink that soft drink that people tend to drink when the weather is too hot.	10	21
essay21.txt	2	Consumers tend to purchase the most known product when it comes to picking one out of two different brands of the same product	Consumers tend to purchase the most known product when it comes to picking one out of two different brands of the same product.	14	21
essay21.txt	2	When a product is commonly used, it becomes trustworthy for the society, no matter what quality it is	When a product is commonly used, it becomes trustworthy for the society, no matter what quality it is.	15	21
essay21.txt	2	it also has to be affordable for the consumer	However it also has to be affordable for the consumer.	17	21
essay21.txt	3	high sales are obviously a reflection of the powerful advertisements	In conclusion, as I believe that consumers should consider major needs when they purchase goods, high sales are obviously a reflection of the powerful advertisements.	20	21
essay21.txt	0	Advertisements affects on consumer goods.	Advertisements affects on consumer goods.	0	21
essay21.txt	0	Everyday, companies offer a huge number of different products to consumers.	Everyday, companies offer a huge number of different products to consumers.	1	21
essay21.txt	0	.	.	16	21
essay22.txt	3	These academic values are necessary to the progress of the world	These academic values are necessary to the progress of the world.	9	14
essay22.txt	2	many researches in the ivory-tower have created ingenious discoveries and achievements for the development of modern society	More importantly, many researches in the ivory-tower have created ingenious discoveries and achievements for the development of modern society.	10	14
essay22.txt	2	the labor market for highly educated students is now too competitive to get a job after finishing their studying	What is worse, the labor market for highly educated students is now too competitive to get a job after finishing their studying.	6	14
essay22.txt	1	I agree with the latter view	To sum up both contentions about the necessity of universities' education have reasonable justifications; however, I agree with the latter view.	12	14
essay22.txt	3	universities provide not only skills for careers, but also academic knowledge for the human race, such as bio science, politics, and medicine	However, on the other side of the coin are voices in the opposition, saying that universities provide not only skills for careers, but also academic knowledge for the human race, such as bio science, politics, and medicine.	8	14
essay22.txt	2	higher education does not guarantee young students' success	Although higher education does not guarantee young students' success, the benefits of learning in universities are the vital factor in creating more possibilities for the development of society through advancing academic fulfillment and the young generation who have experiences and challenges.	13	14
essay22.txt	2	the benefits of learning in universities are the vital factor in creating more possibilities for the development of society through advancing academic fulfillment and the young generation who have experiences and challenges	Although higher education does not guarantee young students' success, the benefits of learning in universities are the vital factor in creating more possibilities for the development of society through advancing academic fulfillment and the young generation who have experiences and challenges.	13	14
essay22.txt	3	diverse experiences in the campus life can make the young generation more competently	Another significant factor of universities is that diverse experiences in the campus life can make the young generation more competently because there are a number of chances through internships, deeper discussion, independent life, and exchange scholarships.	11	14
essay22.txt	2	there are a number of chances through internships, deeper discussion, independent life, and exchange scholarships	Another significant factor of universities is that diverse experiences in the campus life can make the young generation more competently because there are a number of chances through internships, deeper discussion, independent life, and exchange scholarships.	11	14
essay22.txt	3	it is a loss of national productivity that young people spend much time on searching for high salary jobs, even can be a sheer time-consuming	In this regard it is a loss of national productivity that young people spend much time on searching for high salary jobs, even can be a sheer time-consuming.	7	14
essay22.txt	2	labors for graduates are in short supply	From their point of view, the fact is that there are numerous job opportunities for those who do not have the certification of university graduation, such as mechanics, sales persons, or engineers, and, furthermore, labors for graduates are in short supply.	5	14
essay22.txt	2	there are numerous job opportunities for those who do not have the certification of university graduation, such as mechanics, sales persons, or engineers	From their point of view, the fact is that there are numerous job opportunities for those who do not have the certification of university graduation, such as mechanics, sales persons, or engineers, and, furthermore, labors for graduates are in short supply.	5	14
essay22.txt	0	Young people should go to university or not.	Young people should go to university or not.	0	14
essay22.txt	0	Persistent deliberation is happening as to whether it is desirable for the youth to go to university.	Persistent deliberation is happening as to whether it is desirable for the youth to go to university.	1	14
essay22.txt	0	In regard to the development of the country, some people believe that it is essential for young students to get high quality of education in universities, while others think that it is only one of causes to increase the rate of unemployment.	In regard to the development of the country, some people believe that it is essential for young students to get high quality of education in universities, while others think that it is only one of causes to increase the rate of unemployment.	2	14
essay22.txt	0	In this essay, I will analyze both views first in order to come up with a fool-proof decision.	In this essay, I will analyze both views first in order to come up with a fool-proof decision.	3	14
essay22.txt	0	To begin with, those who advocate the impracticability of university have several reasons.	To begin with, those who advocate the impracticability of university have several reasons.	4	14
essay23.txt	1	I do not think these disadvantages will outweigh the advantages brought by cell phones	However, I do not think these disadvantages will outweigh the advantages brought by cell phones.	2	19
essay23.txt	3	Mobile phones are not out of expectation	Mobile phones are not out of expectation.	5	19
essay23.txt	3	almost everything that changed our lifestyle a lot will also cause some social problems	First of all, almost everything that changed our lifestyle a lot will also cause some social problems.	4	19
essay23.txt	2	it is not impossible to solve these problems, as long as some regulations and rules can be effectively implemented	Nevertheless, it is not impossible to solve these problems, as long as some regulations and rules can be effectively implemented.	8	19
essay23.txt	3	some harmful effects on our health are lethal	It is also worth mentioning that some harmful effects on our health are lethal.	9	19
essay23.txt	2	Speaking loudly on the phone in public areas, such as schools, libraries and hospitals appears to be very impolite and offensive	Speaking loudly on the phone in public areas, such as schools, libraries and hospitals appears to be very impolite and offensive.	6	19
essay23.txt	2	some students utilize their cell phones as an effective cheating tools in examinations in which they can send and receive answers by texting each other	What is worse , some students utilize their cell phones as an effective cheating tools in examinations in which they can send and receive answers by texting each other.	7	19
essay23.txt	3	There is panic among people that their conversation can be intercepted by the third party	There is panic among people that their conversation can be intercepted by the third party.	12	19
essay23.txt	2	a more efficient and reliable system can also be invented to guarantee the private information of users	But a more efficient and reliable system can also be invented to guarantee the private information of users.	14	19
essay23.txt	3	the mobile phone has become a dispensable multifunctional tools in people's daily life	Moreover, the mobile phone has become a dispensable multifunctional tools in people's daily life.	15	19
essay23.txt	2	Not only used for communication, but it also functions as an Internet browser, a music player , a personal organiser and so forth	Not only used for communication, but it also functions as an Internet browser, a music player , a personal organiser and so forth.	16	19
essay23.txt	2	overusing of the electronic devices including mobile phones could lead to higher possibility of suffering hearing loss and even cancers	It has been proved that overusing of the electronic devices including mobile phones could lead to higher possibility of suffering hearing loss and even cancers, although the further investigation are needed.	10	19
essay23.txt	2	nothing can be overused without side effects	In conclusion, nothing can be overused without side effects.	17	19
essay23.txt	2	further investigation are needed	It has been proved that overusing of the electronic devices including mobile phones could lead to higher possibility of suffering hearing loss and even cancers, although the further investigation are needed.	10	19
essay23.txt	3	The contribution of the mobile phone to our modern society is prominent	The contribution of the mobile phone to our modern society is prominent and people's dependence on it is irreversible, although it has a number of problems that should be well handled.	18	19
essay23.txt	3	people's dependence on it is irreversible	The contribution of the mobile phone to our modern society is prominent and people's dependence on it is irreversible, although it has a number of problems that should be well handled.	18	19
essay23.txt	2	it has a number of problems that should be well handled	The contribution of the mobile phone to our modern society is prominent and people's dependence on it is irreversible, although it has a number of problems that should be well handled.	18	19
essay23.txt	0	Effects of mobile phones.	Effects of mobile phones.	0	19
essay23.txt	0	Nowadays, the popularity of mobile phones has brought about a lot of convenience but at the meanwhile a variety of problems as well, such as social, medical and technical problems.	Nowadays, the popularity of mobile phones has brought about a lot of convenience but at the meanwhile a variety of problems as well, such as social, medical and technical problems.	1	19
essay23.txt	0	In this essay, I would like to analyse these three issues in order to support my viewpoint.	In this essay, I would like to analyse these three issues in order to support my viewpoint.	3	19
essay23.txt	0	Another debatable problem is about techniques.	Another debatable problem is about techniques.	11	19
essay23.txt	0	This possibility exists all the time.	This possibility exists all the time.	13	19
essay24.txt	3	using computer constantly has bad influence on children's eyes	First, using computer constantly has bad influence on children's eyes.	4	14
essay24.txt	3	children who play games too much on computer can seriously lack communicating skills	Moreover, children who play games too much on computer can seriously lack communicating skills, they will know little about the outside life.	6	14
essay24.txt	2	When they concentrate on computer for too long, their eyes will get tired, which is the main reason for some eyes problems, typically shortsighted	When they concentrate on computer for too long, their eyes will get tired, which is the main reason for some eyes problems, typically shortsighted.	5	14
essay24.txt	2	several teenagers play games without rest, which leads to health depression	For instance, several teenagers play games without rest, which leads to health depression, a typical example is the death of Korean gamer, who had a non-stop playing for 3 days.	8	14
essay24.txt	2	a typical example is the death of Korean gamer, who had a non-stop playing for 3 days	For instance, several teenagers play games without rest, which leads to health depression, a typical example is the death of Korean gamer, who had a non-stop playing for 3 days.	8	14
essay24.txt	2	they will know little about the outside life	Moreover, children who play games too much on computer can seriously lack communicating skills, they will know little about the outside life.	6	14
essay24.txt	3	people who are addicted to games, especially online games, can eventually bear dangerous consequences	It is a well-known fact that people who are addicted to games, especially online games, can eventually bear dangerous consequences.	7	14
essay24.txt	2	most of them are attracted by facebook, blog, etc. instead	Some social surveys have shown that a few children use computer for studying purpose, most of them are attracted by facebook, blog, etc. instead.	10	14
essay24.txt	2	they will have a bad result in school	Due to this neglect, they will have a bad result in school because when they can not live without internet, they will have no time for their studying.	11	14
essay24.txt	2	when they can not live without internet, they will have no time for their studying	Due to this neglect, they will have a bad result in school because when they can not live without internet, they will have no time for their studying.	11	14
essay24.txt	2	it is undeniable that computer is a crucial part of human life	In conclusion, although it is undeniable that computer is a crucial part of human life, it still has its bad side, especially for children.	12	14
essay24.txt	3	even people who are not interested in online game can still be negatively affected by using computer too much	Finally, even people who are not interested in online game can still be negatively affected by using computer too much.	9	14
essay24.txt	1	it still has its bad side, especially for children	In conclusion, although it is undeniable that computer is a crucial part of human life, it still has its bad side, especially for children.	12	14
essay24.txt	2	a few children use computer for studying purpose	Some social surveys have shown that a few children use computer for studying purpose, most of them are attracted by facebook, blog, etc. instead.	10	14
essay24.txt	3	People should learn how to use it properly to make it an effective tool	People should learn how to use it properly to make it an effective tool because computer should be used not only for entertaining but also for working and studying purpose.	13	14
essay24.txt	2	computer should be used not only for entertaining but also for working and studying purpose	People should learn how to use it properly to make it an effective tool because computer should be used not only for entertaining but also for working and studying purpose.	13	14
essay24.txt	0	computer has negative effects to children.	computer has negative effects to children.	0	14
essay24.txt	0	Nowadays, thanks to the development of technology, computer is now indispensable to life.	Nowadays, thanks to the development of technology, computer is now indispensable to life.	1	14
essay24.txt	0	Some people think that computer is good for children and it should be used daily by children but some others think differently.	Some people think that computer is good for children and it should be used daily by children but some others think differently.	2	14
essay24.txt	0	In my opinion, the latter opinion is true.	In my opinion, the latter opinion is true.	3	14
essay25.txt	3	The main disadvantage is contamination	The main disadvantage is contamination.	9	17
essay25.txt	2	some area are suffering the dire consequences caused by overdeveloping the industry, such as water pollution, overcrowded traffic and medical problems	It is truth that some area are suffering the dire consequences caused by overdeveloping the industry, such as water pollution, overcrowded traffic and medical problems.	10	17
essay25.txt	2	the factory is not isolated, other industries and business will be quickly established, resulting in economic growth of local area	What is more, the factory is not isolated, other industries and business will be quickly established, resulting in economic growth of local area.	7	17
essay25.txt	2	it is inevitable that there will be more factories built with the development of our society	However, it is inevitable that there will be more factories built with the development of our society.	12	17
essay25.txt	2	the estate industry will be boosted in order to satisfy the workers' accommodation need	For example, the estate industry will be boosted in order to satisfy the workers' accommodation need.	8	17
essay25.txt	2	most problems can be avoidable if the factories put in real and great effort to manage their waste well	In fact most problems can be avoidable if the factories put in real and great effort to manage their waste well.	14	17
essay25.txt	3	Its advantages will outweigh disadvantages as long as the factories dispose their waste and pollution in the correct way	Its advantages will outweigh disadvantages as long as the factories dispose their waste and pollution in the correct way.	16	17
essay25.txt	2	in some industrial cities , a large proportion of the workers are suffering various breathing problems, such as asthma which can be caused by waste ashes and certain chemical substances	For instance, in some industrial cities , a large proportion of the workers are suffering various breathing problems, such as asthma which can be caused by waste ashes and certain chemical substances.	11	17
essay25.txt	3	how to improve the disadvantages of building a factory would be more important than whether to build it	Therefore, how to improve the disadvantages of building a factory would be more important than whether to build it.	13	17
essay25.txt	1	the advantages of building a factory will outweigh its disadvantages	From my point of view, the advantages of building a factory will outweigh its disadvantages, if we tackle the environmental problems brought by factories.	4	17
essay25.txt	2	To manufacture goods, there must be the demand of laborers, from which the local residents can benefit	To manufacture goods, there must be the demand of laborers, from which the local residents can benefit.	6	17
essay25.txt	3	a large factory can stimulate local economic growth and reduce the unemployment rate	First of all, a large factory can stimulate local economic growth and reduce the unemployment rate.	5	17
essay25.txt	0	INFLUENCE OF LARGE FACTORY.	INFLUENCE OF LARGE FACTORY.	0	17
essay25.txt	0	Nowadays, whether to establish large factories nearby housing areas has become a controversial issue in our society.	Nowadays, whether to establish large factories nearby housing areas has become a controversial issue in our society.	1	17
essay25.txt	0	Out of the case of economic development, industrial buildings are a necessary part of modern society.	Out of the case of economic development, industrial buildings are a necessary part of modern society.	2	17
essay25.txt	0	However a vast number of people are against building a factory near their community because of pollution.	However a vast number of people are against building a factory near their community because of pollution.	3	17
essay25.txt	0	In conclusion, installation of manufacturing plant is a trend of industrialization for many countries.	In conclusion, installation of manufacturing plant is a trend of industrialization for many countries.	15	17
essay26.txt	3	more and more people begin to select prepared food as their daily meals	Nowadays, more and more people begin to select prepared food as their daily meals, since it can effectively save time which is considered as money in our modern society.	1	16
essay26.txt	2	cooked food can bring about some negative influence result from utilizing the artificial ingredients, ignoring the nutrition of food and modifying people's eating habits	However it is obvious that cooked food can bring about some negative influence result from utilizing the artificial ingredients, ignoring the nutrition of food and modifying people's eating habits.	2	16
essay26.txt	2	it can effectively save time which is considered as money in our modern society	Nowadays, more and more people begin to select prepared food as their daily meals, since it can effectively save time which is considered as money in our modern society.	1	16
essay26.txt	2	Some ingredients being added have caused dire consequences	Some ingredients being added have caused dire consequences.	5	16
essay26.txt	2	there are usually some articles in newspapers and magazines which report the relationship between certain chemical components in some food and diseases	For instance, there are usually some articles in newspapers and magazines which report the relationship between certain chemical components in some food and diseases.	6	16
essay26.txt	3	this is not a good thing	In this essay, I would like to explain why this is not a good thing based on the three reasons above.	3	16
essay26.txt	2	to make their food easier to prepare and taste delicious, almost every producer adds a wide range of artificial ingredients in to the food that is now purchased by most people	First of all, to make their food easier to prepare and taste delicious, almost every producer adds a wide range of artificial ingredients in to the food that is now purchased by most people.	4	16
essay26.txt	2	some research has apparently demonstrated that prepared foods are unable to support enough nutrients we need, especially for children who are growing up	It is truth that cooking prepared foods needs much less time in comparison with the fresh food., whereas some research has apparently demonstrated that prepared foods are unable to support enough nutrients we need, especially for children who are growing up .	9	16
essay26.txt	3	The more cooked food we chosen, the more cooking skills we lose	The more cooked food we chosen, the more cooking skills we lose.	11	16
essay26.txt	2	this has contributed to a modification of cooking habits, which may cause the loss of our custom and culture about cooking	But rare people have been aware that this has contributed to a modification of cooking habits, which may cause the loss of our custom and culture about cooking.	13	16
essay26.txt	2	At the increasing living pace, the majority of people tend to choose microwave as their unique cooker that help them prepare a dish in five minutes	At the increasing living pace, the majority of people tend to choose microwave as their unique cooker that help them prepare a dish in five minutes.	12	16
essay26.txt	3	easy-to-cook foods sometimes could be dangerous for human's health	Thus, easy-to-cook foods sometimes could be dangerous for human's health.	7	16
essay26.txt	1	although the invention of prepared foods definitely satisfies the demand of some people who are busy in their work, it is not a good thing	In conclusion, although the invention of prepared foods definitely satisfies the demand of some people who are busy in their work, it is not a good thing.	14	16
essay26.txt	3	Not cooking fresh food will also lead to the lack of nutrition	Not cooking fresh food will also lead to the lack of nutrition.	8	16
essay26.txt	2	Cooking is not a waste of time	Cooking is not a waste of time, contrarily, it is crucial for our health and culture.	15	16
essay26.txt	2	it is crucial for our health and culture	Cooking is not a waste of time, contrarily, it is crucial for our health and culture.	15	16
essay26.txt	0	PREPARED FOOD.	PREPARED FOOD.	0	16
essay26.txt	0	In addition, cooking is one of arts humans create.	In addition, cooking is one of arts humans create.	10	16
essay27.txt	2	some powerful countries provide financial support in order to acquire the right to exploit the local resources and target the local labour market	This means some powerful countries provide financial support in order to acquire the right to exploit the local resources and target the local labour market.	10	15
essay27.txt	2	they rarely provide local residents with any technological aid and even cause contamination in some areas	Indeed, they rarely provide local residents with any technological aid and even cause contamination in some areas.	11	15
essay27.txt	2	most developing countries are lack of educational resources, such as experienced teachers, evaluation systems and teaching facilities, which is usually neglected by local authorities	For instance, most developing countries are lack of educational resources, such as experienced teachers, evaluation systems and teaching facilities, which is usually neglected by local authorities.	6	15
essay27.txt	2	if the developed countries are unwilling to share their successful experience in education, the developing countries will remain undeveloped, even though they gain a great deal of economic support	From this example, it is obvious that if the developed countries are unwilling to share their successful experience in education, the developing countries will remain undeveloped, even though they gain a great deal of economic support.	7	15
essay27.txt	3	developing countries should not totally depend on the financial support from powerful countries	Therefore, developing countries should not totally depend on the financial support from powerful countries.	12	15
essay27.txt	2	developing education and improving national technology and science level are the path they have to undergo if they really want to alter current situation	And it has been proven that developing education and improving national technology and science level are the path they have to undergo if they really want to alter current situation.	14	15
essay27.txt	1	financial aid is not the only way to assist poor countries	In conclusion, financial aid is not the only way to assist poor countries.	13	15
essay27.txt	2	education is an essential part in development	Firstly, education is an essential part in development.	5	15
essay27.txt	3	the critical method to improve the condition of poor countries is to help them build up a complete educational system instead of financial aid	Thus, the critical method to improve the condition of poor countries is to help them build up a complete educational system instead of financial aid.	8	15
essay27.txt	0	FINANCIAL AID TO DEVELOPING COUNTRIES.	FINANCIAL AID TO DEVELOPING COUNTRIES.	0	15
essay27.txt	0	As is commonly understood, there is an increasingly gap between developed countries and developing countries.	As is commonly understood, there is an increasingly gap between developed countries and developing countries.	1	15
essay27.txt	0	It can be seen that some developed countries and organization are proving financial assistance to the impoverished countries.	It can be seen that some developed countries and organization are proving financial assistance to the impoverished countries.	2	15
essay27.txt	0	However, it is disagreed that this can be the best and only way to assist developing countries.	However, it is disagreed that this can be the best and only way to assist developing countries.	3	15
essay27.txt	0	This will be proven by analyzing the necessity of developing their education and the real objective of supporters.	This will be proven by analyzing the necessity of developing their education and the real objective of supporters.	4	15
essay27.txt	0	In addition, it is well acknowledged that there is no free lunch in the world.	In addition, it is well acknowledged that there is no free lunch in the world.	9	15
essay28.txt	3	Society does need an advertising	Society does need an advertising but it is our responsibility to control the content and what kind of goods and services we would like to offer to our customers.	6	19
essay28.txt	3	advertising alcohol, cigarettes, goods and services with adult content should be prohibited	First of all, I do support the idea that advertising alcohol, cigarettes, goods and services with adult content should be prohibited.	7	19
essay28.txt	3	it is our responsibility to control the content and what kind of goods and services we would like to offer to our customers	Society does need an advertising but it is our responsibility to control the content and what kind of goods and services we would like to offer to our customers.	6	19
essay28.txt	2	some countries take this issue seriously and advertising alcohol, cigarettes and materials with adult content is banned on those countries	Fortunately, some countries take this issue seriously and advertising alcohol, cigarettes and materials with adult content is banned on those countries.	10	19
essay28.txt	2	by advertising companies, businesses, firms and individuals promote their goods and services	On the other hand by advertising companies, businesses, firms and individuals promote their goods and services.	11	19
essay28.txt	2	these kind of ads will have negative effect to our children	Because these kind of ads will have negative effect to our children.	8	19
essay28.txt	2	Youngsters might be tempted to buy cigarettes or alcohol and later to start consume it on a daily basis	Youngsters might be tempted to buy cigarettes or alcohol and later to start consume it on a daily basis.	9	19
essay28.txt	2	tourism makes up one-third of the Czech Republic's economy	For example, tourism makes up one-third of the Czech Republic's economy.	14	19
essay28.txt	2	In order to promote the country's attractions, the Czech government has to advertise and sell its services to foreign consumers	In order to promote the country's attractions, the Czech government has to advertise and sell its services to foreign consumers.	15	19
essay28.txt	2	Only well planned and well targeted advertising will bring more foreign tourists to the country	Only well planned and well targeted advertising will bring more foreign tourists to the country.	16	19
essay28.txt	1	modern society needs advertising	In conclusion, I think that modern society needs advertising.	17	19
essay28.txt	3	we learn about new products, we can compare them and choose whats it the best for us	Thanks to ads we learn about new products, we can compare them and choose whats it the best for us.	12	19
essay28.txt	2	Ads will keep as well informed about new products and services	Ads will keep as well informed about new products and services, but we should also bear in mind that advertising cigarettes and alcohol will definitely affect our children in negative way.	18	19
essay28.txt	3	not only many businesses, but also governments have to rely on advertising	These days, not only many businesses, but also governments have to rely on advertising.	13	19
essay28.txt	2	advertising cigarettes and alcohol will definitely affect our children in negative way	Ads will keep as well informed about new products and services, but we should also bear in mind that advertising cigarettes and alcohol will definitely affect our children in negative way.	18	19
essay28.txt	0	Society should ban all forms of the advertising.	Society should ban all forms of the advertising.	0	19
essay28.txt	0	It is no secret that advertising become inseparable part of our modern life.	It is no secret that advertising become inseparable part of our modern life.	1	19
essay28.txt	0	We come across with ads almost everywhere and everyday.	We come across with ads almost everywhere and everyday.	2	19
essay28.txt	0	Some people argue that companies by advertising their goods or services spend their money for nothing.	Some people argue that companies by advertising their goods or services spend their money for nothing.	3	19
essay28.txt	0	Other critics say that ads have no purpose, they only cause damages to society and all forms of advertising should be banned.	Other critics say that ads have no purpose, they only cause damages to society and all forms of advertising should be banned.	4	19
essay28.txt	0	On my part I would like to solve this issue on a different way.	On my part I would like to solve this issue on a different way.	5	19
essay29.txt	1	married women nowadays have right to take up jobs like men	Personally, I believe that married women nowadays have right to take up jobs like men when employment discrimination based on gender have been erased significantly.	2	16
essay29.txt	2	Working outside home will bring a lot of benefits to both married woman and their household	Working outside home will bring a lot of benefits to both married woman and their household.	3	16
essay29.txt	2	employment discrimination based on gender have been erased significantly	Personally, I believe that married women nowadays have right to take up jobs like men when employment discrimination based on gender have been erased significantly.	2	16
essay29.txt	2	By taking up a job, a wife can earn more money to support her family life	By taking up a job, a wife can earn more money to support her family life.	6	16
essay29.txt	2	This is really necessary in cases of her husband's low salary and the difficulty of getting a good job at the present	This is really necessary in cases of her husband's low salary and the difficulty of getting a good job at the present.	7	16
essay29.txt	3	it is a normal practice for women to be helpmates in earning money	So, it is a normal practice for women to be helpmates in earning money.	8	16
essay29.txt	2	extra income that women earn will contribute to their family's expenses	Firstly, extra income that women earn will contribute to their family's expenses.	5	16
essay29.txt	2	These things in turn will make them more confident, independent	These things in turn will make them more confident, independent.	10	16
essay29.txt	2	These women will set a good example for their children	These women will set a good example for their children.	11	16
essay29.txt	3	there are many supporting conditions that help women balance housework and work	Last but not least, nowadays, there are many supporting conditions that help women balance housework and work.	13	16
essay29.txt	2	Besides the gorvernment's policies on limited families and their husbands' sharing in the housework, many employers are willing to offer part-time jobs for women	Besides the gorvernment's policies on limited families and their husbands' sharing in the housework, many employers are willing to offer part-time jobs for women.	14	16
essay29.txt	3	it is no doubt that they play roles as a mother and as a wife better	Therefore, it is no doubt that they play roles as a mother and as a wife better.	12	16
essay29.txt	3	married women could go to work in order to enjoy the working life outside the home	In conclusion, a well-organized home does not need the housewife's presence the whole day long and married women could go to work in order to enjoy the working life outside the home.	15	16
essay29.txt	2	working outside the house creates opportunities for married women to contact with the outer world, strengthen their character and show their capacity	Secondly, working outside the house creates opportunities for married women to contact with the outer world, strengthen their character and show their capacity.	9	16
essay29.txt	2	a well-organized home does not need the housewife's presence the whole day long	In conclusion, a well-organized home does not need the housewife's presence the whole day long and married women could go to work in order to enjoy the working life outside the home.	15	16
essay29.txt	0	Do married women usually work?	Do married women usually work?	0	16
essay29.txt	0	Why and why not?	Why and why not?	1	16
essay29.txt	0	I will mention some basic reasons as following.	I will mention some basic reasons as following.	4	16
essay30.txt	3	for the more higher education like university, the students or their parents should pay for the fees	I completely agree that government should provide those education to their people; however, for the more higher education like university, the students or their parents should pay for the fees.	2	11
essay30.txt	2	I don't think it is also fair for the government	In the other hand, I don't think it is also fair for the government as the government has been paying a lot of money for their students' primary and secondary education.	4	11
essay30.txt	2	Some parents might not have enough money to pay for their children university fees	Some parents might not have enough money to pay for their children university fees.	3	11
essay30.txt	2	all people in their country could receive the same education	It is better for them to use the money to pay for the other students' education so that all people in their country could receive the same education.	5	11
essay30.txt	2	students that already have a basic knowledge and education can get a part-time job	Moreover, students that already have a basic knowledge and education can get a part-time job and they can pay for their own studies when their parent could not afford to pay it.	6	11
essay30.txt	2	the government has been paying a lot of money for their students' primary and secondary education	In the other hand, I don't think it is also fair for the government as the government has been paying a lot of money for their students' primary and secondary education.	4	11
essay30.txt	3	It is better for them to use the money to pay for the other students' education	It is better for them to use the money to pay for the other students' education so that all people in their country could receive the same education.	5	11
essay30.txt	2	the students will become more independent	In addition to that, the students will become more independent and it will build their characters in the marketplace as well.	8	11
essay30.txt	3	it will build their characters in the marketplace as well	In addition to that, the students will become more independent and it will build their characters in the marketplace as well.	8	11
essay30.txt	3	this will encourage all the parents to think of the way to help their children to achieve more in their lives	Furthermore, this will encourage all the parents to think of the way to help their children to achieve more in their lives as they need to make some contribution too for their children future.	9	11
essay30.txt	2	they need to make some contribution too for their children future	Furthermore, this will encourage all the parents to think of the way to help their children to achieve more in their lives as they need to make some contribution too for their children future.	9	11
essay30.txt	3	they can pay for their own studies when their parent could not afford to pay it	Moreover, students that already have a basic knowledge and education can get a part-time job and they can pay for their own studies when their parent could not afford to pay it.	6	11
essay30.txt	1	government should not pay for the university fees	In conclusion, I completely agree that government should not pay for the university fees because this will make both the parents and students in charge for their future themselves not just depend on the government to do all their responsibilities for them.	10	11
essay30.txt	2	They will be more responsible with their studies when they pay the fees themselves	They will be more responsible with their studies when they pay the fees themselves.	7	11
essay30.txt	2	this will make both the parents and students in charge for their future themselves not just depend on the government to do all their responsibilities for them	In conclusion, I completely agree that government should not pay for the university fees because this will make both the parents and students in charge for their future themselves not just depend on the government to do all their responsibilities for them.	10	11
essay30.txt	0	GOVERNMENT AND EDUCATION.	GOVERNMENT AND EDUCATION.	0	11
essay30.txt	0	Primary and secondary education provide a basic knowledge and skills to the people in this world.	Primary and secondary education provide a basic knowledge and skills to the people in this world.	1	11
essay31.txt	1	alternative means of transportation and international laws in controlling automobiles should be introduced	In my opinion, I strongly agree that alternative means of transportation and international laws in controlling automobiles should be introduced.	3	21
essay31.txt	2	automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air	Since automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air, the air gets to be polluted and it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants.	6	21
essay31.txt	2	an increase in the number of automobiles brings about environmental pollution	Firstly, an increase in the number of automobiles brings about environmental pollution.	5	21
essay31.txt	3	it is crucial to alter automobiles to the other means of transportation and to legislate to control automobiles	Therefore, it is crucial to alter automobiles to the other means of transportation and to legislate to control automobiles.	7	21
essay31.txt	2	an increase in the number of automobiles causes terrible traffic congestion	Secondly, an increase in the number of automobiles causes terrible traffic congestion.	8	21
essay31.txt	2	the air gets to be polluted	Since automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air, the air gets to be polluted and it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants.	6	21
essay31.txt	2	it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants	Since automobile exhaust and carbon dioxides emission have bad impacts on the air, the air gets to be polluted and it causes respiratory disease of the local inhabitants.	6	21
essay31.txt	2	it leads to an increase of traffic accidents	What is worse, traffic congestion irritates drivers and as a result, it leads to an increase of traffic accidents.	10	21
essay31.txt	3	the methods to reduce the number of automobiles and to control car ownership and use should be immediately planned and implemented	Thus, the methods to reduce the number of automobiles and to control car ownership and use should be immediately planned and implemented.	11	21
essay31.txt	3	alternative forms of transportation and international laws to control automobiles ownership and use can work effectively	In order to solve these problems, alternative forms of transportation and international laws to control automobiles ownership and use can work effectively.	12	21
essay31.txt	2	alternative forms which emit less carbon dioxides and gasses than automobiles are ideal	With regard to the former, alternative forms which emit less carbon dioxides and gasses than automobiles are ideal.	13	21
essay31.txt	2	Once we get into the traffic jam, it forces us to waste our time for a while	Once we get into the traffic jam, it forces us to waste our time for a while.	9	21
essay31.txt	2	rental bicycle system has been introduced in several European countries	For example, rental bicycle system has been introduced in several European countries.	14	21
essay31.txt	2	traffic congestion irritates drivers	What is worse, traffic congestion irritates drivers and as a result, it leads to an increase of traffic accidents.	10	21
essay31.txt	2	This system is that at the corner of each district, the rental bicycles are placed and the people can ride it to the other districts with a small fee	This system is that at the corner of each district, the rental bicycles are placed and the people can ride it to the other districts with a small fee.	15	21
essay31.txt	2	bicycle expels neither carbon dioxides nor harmful gasses	Since bicycle expels neither carbon dioxides nor harmful gasses, it is a better form to protect environment than automobile.	16	21
essay31.txt	2	it is a better form to protect environment than automobile	Since bicycle expels neither carbon dioxides nor harmful gasses, it is a better form to protect environment than automobile.	16	21
essay31.txt	3	alternative forms of transport and international laws on controlling automobiles are necessary due to the environmental protection and the alleviation of traffic congestion	In summary, even though some people claim the convenience of automobile, I would state that alternative forms of transport and international laws on controlling automobiles are necessary due to the environmental protection and the alleviation of traffic congestion.	20	21
essay31.txt	3	the introduction of international laws can be also effective	As for the latter point, the introduction of international laws can be also effective.	17	21
essay31.txt	2	some people claim the convenience of automobile	In summary, even though some people claim the convenience of automobile, I would state that alternative forms of transport and international laws on controlling automobiles are necessary due to the environmental protection and the alleviation of traffic congestion.	20	21
essay31.txt	2	there are some regulations to limit the use of automobiles by time and to allow the people possess one car only	For instance, there are some regulations to limit the use of automobiles by time and to allow the people possess one car only.	18	21
essay31.txt	3	these attempts to reduce automobiles can ease traffic congestion and environmental pollution	Thus, these attempts to reduce automobiles can ease traffic congestion and environmental pollution.	19	21
essay31.txt	0	Alternative forms of transport to alleviate traffic congestion.	Alternative forms of transport to alleviate traffic congestion.	0	21
essay31.txt	0	Recently, a great deal of attention has been paid to means of transportation.	Recently, a great deal of attention has been paid to means of transportation.	1	21
essay31.txt	0	Some state that automobile is the most convenient transportation, while others assert that alternative forms of transport should be considered in view of environmental pollution.	Some state that automobile is the most convenient transportation, while others assert that alternative forms of transport should be considered in view of environmental pollution.	2	21
essay31.txt	0	In this essay, several reasons will be described carefully in the following passages.	In this essay, several reasons will be described carefully in the following passages.	4	21
essay32.txt	2	the world are more closer, and every single countries affects each other more than before in many ways	In this world, there is no one who does not know this world 'globalization', which means the world are more closer, and every single countries affects each other more than before in many ways.	1	19
essay32.txt	2	just giving aid to impoverished countries could be manipulated by big power countries	It is true that just giving aid to impoverished countries could be manipulated by big power countries.	3	19
essay32.txt	3	governmental and non-governmental organizations have been focus on being harmony and contribute to aid to poor countries	That is why governmental and non-governmental organizations have been focus on being harmony and contribute to aid to poor countries.	2	19
essay32.txt	2	poor counties suffer from shortage of basic materials and facilities to start businesses and make it richer	First of all, poor counties suffer from shortage of basic materials and facilities to start businesses and make it richer.	6	19
essay32.txt	2	it is fundamental to support basic industry related factors such as light, electricity, load, highways, natural resources, technology and buildings for companies	To be out of poverty, it is fundamental to support basic industry related factors such as light, electricity, load, highways, natural resources, technology and buildings for companies.	7	19
essay32.txt	2	a great amount of materials and money have poor countries being corrupted and politically dependent on other countries	In addition, a great amount of materials and money have poor countries being corrupted and politically dependent on other countries.	4	19
essay32.txt	3	aiding poor countries has positive effects, overweighing its side-effects	However, I agree that aiding poor countries has positive effects, overweighing its side-effects for the several reasons.	5	19
essay32.txt	2	Now that it has became strong economy country aiding poor countries after 10 years of aid from other counties	Now that it has became strong economy country aiding poor countries after 10 years of aid from other counties.	10	19
essay32.txt	3	aiding campaign gives a chance to considerate about poor people	Secondly, aiding campaign gives a chance to considerate about poor people.	11	19
essay32.txt	2	If people in rich countries ponder poor people suffering from poverty and diseases, they would never take their abundance for granted	If people in rich countries ponder poor people suffering from poverty and diseases, they would never take their abundance for granted.	12	19
essay32.txt	2	It not only raises the notice the meaning of harmony and love, but also be a good chance to learn humane doctrine of globalization	It not only raises the notice the meaning of harmony and love, but also be a good chance to learn humane doctrine of globalization.	13	19
essay32.txt	3	Aiding help poor countries in this situation solve their economical problems and run their own business	Aiding help poor countries in this situation solve their economical problems and run their own business.	8	19
essay32.txt	3	the campaigns might include practical benefits	Third, the campaigns might include practical benefits.	14	19
essay32.txt	2	republic of Korea used to be the poorest country even compared to others in Africa in 1960's	In actual, republic of Korea used to be the poorest country even compared to others in Africa in 1960's.	9	19
essay32.txt	2	the economies of several countries are in a big network and must influence on each others	In globalized world, the economies of several countries are in a big network and must influence on each others.	15	19
essay32.txt	2	When America mortgage loan system went bad, several economies of European and Asian countries fluctuated, even any countries had to be gotten international supports to block its bankrupt	When America mortgage loan system went bad, several economies of European and Asian countries fluctuated, even any countries had to be gotten international supports to block its bankrupt.	16	19
essay32.txt	2	there are abovementioned three key points of positive effects of aid; supporting poor countries to make its economy strong and building humane concepts to people, keeping strong global economy	In conclusion, there are abovementioned three key points of positive effects of aid; supporting poor countries to make its economy strong and building humane concepts to people, keeping strong global economy.	17	19
essay32.txt	1	being a global neighbor by aiding poor countries would be continues by many organizations and volunteers	I strongly believe that being a global neighbor by aiding poor countries would be continues by many organizations and volunteers, and it will make the earth a better place to live.	18	19
essay32.txt	3	it will make the earth a better place to live	I strongly believe that being a global neighbor by aiding poor countries would be continues by many organizations and volunteers, and it will make the earth a better place to live.	18	19
essay32.txt	0	Giving aid to poorer countries has more negative effects than positive effect.	Giving aid to poorer countries has more negative effects than positive effect.	0	19
essay33.txt	2	globalization can be considered a chance for people of each country to promote their lifestyle through the stuffs and services imported from other countries	In addition, they admit that globalization can be considered a chance for people of each country to promote their lifestyle through the stuffs and services imported from other countries.	8	12
essay33.txt	3	the proponents of globalization idea point out globalization results in considerable decrease in global tension	Moreover, the proponents of globalization idea point out globalization results in considerable decrease in global tension due to convergence of benefits of people of the world which is a natural consequence of globalization.	9	12
essay33.txt	2	Developing globalization, people can have more access to many natural resources of the world	Developing globalization, people can have more access to many natural resources of the world and it leads to increasing the pace of scientific and economic promotions of the entire world.	7	12
essay33.txt	2	it is more likely to solve the problems of the world rather than intensifying them	I think it is more likely to solve the problems of the world rather than intensifying them.	11	12
essay33.txt	2	it leads to increasing the pace of scientific and economic promotions of the entire world	Developing globalization, people can have more access to many natural resources of the world and it leads to increasing the pace of scientific and economic promotions of the entire world.	7	12
essay33.txt	2	convergence of benefits of people of the world which is a natural consequence of globalization	Moreover, the proponents of globalization idea point out globalization results in considerable decrease in global tension due to convergence of benefits of people of the world which is a natural consequence of globalization.	9	12
essay33.txt	1	I would rather classify myself in the proponents of globalization as a speeding factor of global progress	In conclusion, I would rather classify myself in the proponents of globalization as a speeding factor of global progress.	10	12
essay33.txt	3	Some people prefer to recognize globalization as a threat to ethnic and religious values of people of their country	Some people prefer to recognize globalization as a threat to ethnic and religious values of people of their country.	4	12
essay33.txt	3	globalization contribute effectively to the global improvement of the world in many aspects	Those who disagree, believe that globalization contribute effectively to the global improvement of the world in many aspects.	6	12
essay33.txt	2	the idea of globalization put their inherited culture in danger of uncontrolled change and make them vulnerable against the attack of imperialistic governments	They think that the idea of globalization put their inherited culture in danger of uncontrolled change and make them vulnerable against the attack of imperialistic governments.	5	12
essay33.txt	0	effects of globalization (decrease in global tension).	effects of globalization (decrease in global tension).	0	12
essay33.txt	0	During the history of the world, every change has its own positive and negative sides.	During the history of the world, every change has its own positive and negative sides.	1	12
essay33.txt	0	Globalization as a gradual change affecting all over the world is not an exception.	Globalization as a gradual change affecting all over the world is not an exception.	2	12
essay33.txt	0	Although it has undeniable effects on the economics of the world; it has side effects which make it a controversial issue.	Although it has undeniable effects on the economics of the world; it has side effects which make it a controversial issue.	3	12
essay34.txt	1	student have to be forced to study at school	Personally, I tend to agree with the point of view that student have to be forced to study at school.	3	18
essay34.txt	2	employer always prefer to hire an employee of high degree who have professional skills	For example, as we know, employer always prefer to hire an employee of high degree who have professional skills.	9	18
essay34.txt	3	they have more opprotunities to find a job and to be successful in the future	Therefore, they have more opprotunities to find a job and to be successful in the future.	8	18
essay34.txt	2	schools provide lots of academic knowledge to students	Second of all, schools provide lots of academic knowledge to students.	6	18
essay34.txt	2	Students may learn professional skills, expand their understandings and gain experiences	Students may learn professional skills, expand their understandings and gain experiences.	7	18
essay34.txt	2	schools offer to students a good environment with experienced professors and high quality programs for studying	First of all, schools offer to students a good environment with experienced professors and high quality programs for studying.	4	18
essay34.txt	2	It creates the best conditions for students education and can force them to focus on their school work instead of wasting their time to do useless things	It creates the best conditions for students education and can force them to focus on their school work instead of wasting their time to do useless things.	5	18
essay34.txt	2	there are many subjects that will be of little value to them in the future	Whether children can learn a lot at school, there are many subjects that will be of little value to them in the future.	11	18
essay34.txt	2	children can learn social skills when they have a job	Furthermore, children can learn social skills when they have a job.	12	18
essay34.txt	2	They can get more experiences that can not be obtained at school	They can get more experiences that can not be obtained at school.	13	18
essay34.txt	2	Working helps children be more independent and teach them to esteem and manage the money that they've earned	Working helps children be more independent and teach them to esteem and manage the money that they've earned.	14	18
essay34.txt	3	children should interrupt their school work and get a job	Nevertheless, it is not unreasonable that some people think that children should interrupt their school work and get a job.	10	18
essay34.txt	3	students should study at school	Overall, I believe that students should study at school.	15	18
essay34.txt	2	children can learn a lot at school	Whether children can learn a lot at school, there are many subjects that will be of little value to them in the future.	11	18
essay34.txt	2	there are some advantages of leaving school to find a job	Even though there are some advantages of leaving school to find a job, studying at school is always the best choice for children's future.	16	18
essay34.txt	2	studying at school is always the best choice for children's future	Even though there are some advantages of leaving school to find a job, studying at school is always the best choice for children's future.	16	18
essay34.txt	2	There are many ways that can train children to learn independent and social skills instead of getting a job	There are many ways that can train children to learn independent and social skills instead of getting a job.	17	18
essay34.txt	0	Study at school or get a job?	Study at school or get a job?	0	18
essay34.txt	0	Many people believe that children should study at school to have more knowledge that prepare better for their future.	Many people believe that children should study at school to have more knowledge that prepare better for their future.	1	18
essay34.txt	0	Others, however, think that these children may disrupt their school work and should be allowed to leave school early to find a job.	Others, however, think that these children may disrupt their school work and should be allowed to leave school early to find a job.	2	18
essay35.txt	1	these various advertisements get people to buy products that are unnecessary and only look good on television	Some people believe that these various advertisements get people to buy products that are unnecessary and only look good on television.	2	15
essay35.txt	2	huge cooperation hire celebrities as the face of their product	By which I mean, huge cooperation hire celebrities as the face of their product.	6	15
essay35.txt	3	it is not about the function or quality of the commodities themselves but really the promotion of the good feeling of possessing the product	Most of the time, it is not about the function or quality of the commodities themselves but really the promotion of the good feeling of possessing the product.	5	15
essay35.txt	2	having these products shows their status	Since having these products shows their status, the quality obviously is not relatively important.	8	15
essay35.txt	2	the quality obviously is not relatively important	Since having these products shows their status, the quality obviously is not relatively important.	8	15
essay35.txt	2	By casting famous singers in their television advertisement, motorcycles or clothes for example, sales increase significantly	By casting famous singers in their television advertisement, motorcycles or clothes for example, sales increase significantly since youngsters, as the target consumers, love celebrities.	7	15
essay35.txt	2	They introduce new products, and provide various choices	They introduce new products, and provide various choices, not to mention they are often visually enjoyable, since they aim to grab your attention.	10	15
essay35.txt	2	youngsters, as the target consumers, love celebrities	By casting famous singers in their television advertisement, motorcycles or clothes for example, sales increase significantly since youngsters, as the target consumers, love celebrities.	7	15
essay35.txt	2	they aim to grab your attention	They introduce new products, and provide various choices, not to mention they are often visually enjoyable, since they aim to grab your attention.	10	15
essay35.txt	2	Advertising also helps to keep prices at reasonable levels, creates a fair environment for commercial competition	Advertising also helps to keep prices at reasonable levels, creates a fair environment for commercial competition.	11	15
essay35.txt	2	advertisements can be falseful and exaggerated	However, despite the fact that advertisements can be falseful and exaggerated, it is also true that it plays and important role economically.	9	15
essay35.txt	2	Otherwise the market may be monopolistic	Otherwise the market may be monopolistic, and the price as well as the choice will not be so selective.	12	15
essay35.txt	2	the price as well as the choice will not be so selective	Otherwise the market may be monopolistic, and the price as well as the choice will not be so selective.	12	15
essay35.txt	3	it plays and important role economically	However, despite the fact that advertisements can be falseful and exaggerated, it is also true that it plays and important role economically.	9	15
essay35.txt	2	not to mention they are often visually enjoyable	They introduce new products, and provide various choices, not to mention they are often visually enjoyable, since they aim to grab your attention.	10	15
essay35.txt	3	The power of advertising maybe over-rated, we can not deny that the final decision is on the hands of us consumers	The power of advertising maybe over-rated, we can not deny that the final decision is on the hands of us consumers.	13	15
essay35.txt	2	No matter how appealing the advertisements are, we should be able to make the decision on our own	No matter how appealing the advertisements are, we should be able to make the decision on our own.	14	15
essay35.txt	0	High sales reflect Power of Advertising and not the Real Need.	High sales reflect Power of Advertising and not the Real Need.	0	15
essay35.txt	0	Nowadays, we can see advertisements everywhere, from television set to posters on the streets.	Nowadays, we can see advertisements everywhere, from television set to posters on the streets.	1	15
essay35.txt	0	I tend to agree with this view.	I tend to agree with this view.	3	15
essay35.txt	0	To boost their sales and win over customers, companies pour a great amount of money into advertising.	To boost their sales and win over customers, companies pour a great amount of money into advertising.	4	15
essay36.txt	1	it is sensible to enforce the gun control	From my point of view, it is sensible to enforce the gun control.	4	17
essay36.txt	2	The accidents cannot be completely avoided although only those who have gun licenses can purchase guns	The accidents cannot be completely avoided although only those who have gun licenses can purchase guns.	6	17
essay36.txt	3	The first factor considered is the risk of accidents with guns	The first factor considered is the risk of accidents with guns.	5	17
essay36.txt	2	our surroundings would be safer with lower accident rates	So the fewer guns possessed, the fewer accidents would happened, our surroundings would be safer with lower accident rates.	8	17
essay36.txt	2	most violent crimes are related to the abuse of guns, especially in some countries where guns are available for people	Secondly, most violent crimes are related to the abuse of guns, especially in some countries where guns are available for people.	9	17
essay36.txt	2	we hear some news from time to time that someone was hurt by accident during the hunting	For example, we hear some news from time to time that someone was hurt by accident during the hunting.	7	17
essay36.txt	2	the fewer guns possessed, the fewer accidents would happened	So the fewer guns possessed, the fewer accidents would happened, our surroundings would be safer with lower accident rates.	8	17
essay36.txt	2	some terrorists are able to possess more advanced weapons than the police, which makes citizens always live in danger	What is worse, some terrorists are able to possess more advanced weapons than the police, which makes citizens always live in danger.	12	17
essay36.txt	3	the possession of guns can also raise the rates of suicide	Thirdly, the possession of guns can also raise the rates of suicide.	13	17
essay36.txt	2	In the US, firearms remain the most common method of suicide, accounting for about 50 per cent	In the US, firearms remain the most common method of suicide, accounting for about 50 per cent.	14	17
essay36.txt	2	there is an increasing trend of adolescent suicides and suicides among those age 75 and over	Unfortunately, there is an increasing trend of adolescent suicides and suicides among those age 75 and over.	15	17
essay36.txt	3	guns will create a violent society if the trend continues	Eventually, guns will create a violent society if the trend continues.	10	17
essay36.txt	3	considering the rise in accident rates, violent crime rates and suicide rates, I support that the guns should be strictly limited	In conclusion, considering the rise in accident rates, violent crime rates and suicide rates, I support that the guns should be strictly limited and the government should enforce a series of laws to prevent our societies from violence.	16	17
essay36.txt	2	in American, young adults and even juveniles can get access to guns, which leads to the tragedies of school gun shooting	Take an example, in American, young adults and even juveniles can get access to guns, which leads to the tragedies of school gun shooting.	11	17
essay36.txt	3	the government should enforce a series of laws to prevent our societies from violence	In conclusion, considering the rise in accident rates, violent crime rates and suicide rates, I support that the guns should be strictly limited and the government should enforce a series of laws to prevent our societies from violence.	16	17
essay36.txt	0	Gun control .	Gun control .	0	17
essay36.txt	0	Gun is definitely not a kind of normal good in our society, which is strictly controlled in most countries.	Gun is definitely not a kind of normal good in our society, which is strictly controlled in most countries.	1	17
essay36.txt	0	However, gun control in some countries is relatively loose than others.	However, gun control in some countries is relatively loose than others.	2	17
essay36.txt	0	Therefore, this is still a controversial topic around the world.	Therefore, this is still a controversial topic around the world.	3	17
essay37.txt	2	International sporting events are a good change to create a multi-nation community of fans having the same passion	International sporting events are a good change to create a multi-nation community of fans having the same passion.	1	23
essay37.txt	1	international sporting occasions are essential in easing international tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way	Since, international sporting occasions are essential in easing international tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way.	3	23
essay37.txt	2	It will help people around the world understand each other more	It will help people around the world understand each other more.	2	23
essay37.txt	2	For the time of occasions, people regardless of nationality, origin and religion will live together	For the time of occasions, people regardless of nationality, origin and religion will live together.	5	23
essay37.txt	2	People can understand more about a country	People can understand more about a country, it is useful to ease tensions between nations.	6	23
essay37.txt	3	it is useful to ease tensions between nations	People can understand more about a country, it is useful to ease tensions between nations.	6	23
essay37.txt	2	An international sporting event is normal held in a country with huge interest from fans all over the world	An international sporting event is normal held in a country with huge interest from fans all over the world.	4	23
essay37.txt	2	due to this event North Korea showed a friendship and enthuasism	However, due to this event North Korea showed a friendship and enthuasism.	9	23
essay37.txt	2	It is rare times when people can learn about this country	It is rare times when people can learn about this country.	10	23
essay37.txt	3	It really help to alleviate the tension	It really help to alleviate the tension.	11	23
essay37.txt	3	an international sporting event also helps fans release patriotic emotions in a safe way	Besides easing tensions, an international sporting event also helps fans release patriotic emotions in a safe way.	12	23
essay37.txt	2	in FIFA World Cup 2010, the relation between North Korea and South Korea is dangerous for the warship sinking	For example in FIFA World Cup 2010, the relation between North Korea and South Korea is dangerous for the warship sinking.	7	23
essay37.txt	2	When they garther together to encourage their team, they will show their patriotic emotions	When they garther together to encourage their team, they will show their patriotic emotions.	13	23
essay37.txt	2	The world suspected North Korea of the aggressive action	The world suspected North Korea of the aggressive action.	8	23
essay37.txt	2	Regardless of the competition between teams, their emotions are always released in a safe way due to the sole passion of the sport	Regardless of the competition between teams, their emotions are always released in a safe way due to the sole passion of the sport.	14	23
essay37.txt	2	all fans know that a sport event will attract the attention of whole the world and a lot of public media	Moreover, all fans know that a sport event will attract the attention of whole the world and a lot of public media.	15	23
essay37.txt	3	It will make the world more peaceful by easing internation tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way	It will make the world more peaceful by easing internation tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way.	22	23
essay37.txt	2	They will try to create a beautiful image about their land and people	They will try to create a beautiful image about their land and people.	16	23
essay37.txt	2	International sporting events will draw the international concern	In conclusion, International sporting events will draw the international concern.	21	23
essay37.txt	2	In Olympic Beijing 2008, Chinese tried thier best to bring the world a spectacular image about their country	In Olympic Beijing 2008, Chinese tried thier best to bring the world a spectacular image about their country.	17	23
essay37.txt	2	Everythings is created by patriotic emotions of Chinese who wanted to bring a beautiful China to the world	Everythings is created by patriotic emotions of Chinese who wanted to bring a beautiful China to the world.	20	23
essay37.txt	2	foreigners came here always received the support of friendly volunteers who were young students	First of all, foreigners came here always received the support of friendly volunteers who were young students.	18	23
essay37.txt	2	They were welcomed by each Chinese hospitality, beauty in each cities	They were welcomed by each Chinese hospitality, beauty in each cities.	19	23
essay37.txt	0	International sporting occasions help to ease international tensions.	International sporting occasions help to ease international tensions.	0	23
essay38.txt	1	I find it hard for me to agree with this opinion	Personally, I find it hard for me to agree with this opinion by the following reasons.	4	19
essay38.txt	2	About ten years ago, mobile phones ware very expensive for most members of my country, only a few of rich individuals have enough money to buy one	About ten years ago, mobile phones ware very expensive for most members of my country, only a few of rich individuals have enough money to buy one.	6	19
essay38.txt	2	the progress of material technology leads to the sharp fall of price of a great number of products	In the first instance, the progress of material technology leads to the sharp fall of price of a great number of products.	5	19
essay38.txt	3	technical developments improve productivity, which help people to escape from daily chores, and invest more time and energy in studying and living a more meaningful life	Secondly, technical developments improve productivity, which help people to escape from daily chores, and invest more time and energy in studying and living a more meaningful life.	9	19
essay38.txt	2	With the development of Internet, we can enjoy the pleasure and conveniences which it brings about for us every day	With the development of Internet, we can enjoy the pleasure and conveniences which it brings about for us every day.	10	19
essay38.txt	2	Today, mobile phones become a common one of household items, which due to the cheaper materials and better producing technologies	Today, mobile phones become a common one of household items, which due to the cheaper materials and better producing technologies.	7	19
essay38.txt	3	most members of our society can benefit from the consequences of technical advancements, especially the poor people	Thus, most members of our society can benefit from the consequences of technical advancements, especially the poor people.	8	19
essay38.txt	2	the Internet gives everyone access to the same information	In addition, the Internet gives everyone access to the same information, this therefore leads to greater equality between individuals.	13	19
essay38.txt	3	this therefore leads to greater equality between individuals	In addition, the Internet gives everyone access to the same information, this therefore leads to greater equality between individuals.	13	19
essay38.txt	3	the gap between rich people and poor is widen by technology	To some extent, the gap between rich people and poor is widen by technology, because only the rich people have ability to afford the expensive high-tech products, and these products can help them to earn more in return.	15	19
essay38.txt	2	only the rich people have ability to afford the expensive high-tech products	To some extent, the gap between rich people and poor is widen by technology, because only the rich people have ability to afford the expensive high-tech products, and these products can help them to earn more in return.	15	19
essay38.txt	2	In the past time, we had to spend a lot of time searching information and waiting for letters of our friends who lived far away from us	In the past time, we had to spend a lot of time searching information and waiting for letters of our friends who lived far away from us.	11	19
essay38.txt	2	these products can help them to earn more in return	To some extent, the gap between rich people and poor is widen by technology, because only the rich people have ability to afford the expensive high-tech products, and these products can help them to earn more in return.	15	19
essay38.txt	2	Nowadays, we can talk with our friends online, no matter where we are and how far between us	Nowadays, we can talk with our friends online, no matter where we are and how far between us.	12	19
essay38.txt	3	it is a limp opposition to the remarkable advantages of technology	Nevertheless, I think it is a limp opposition to the remarkable advantages of technology, and technology is not the root cause of the gap.	16	19
essay38.txt	3	technology is not the root cause of the gap	Nevertheless, I think it is a limp opposition to the remarkable advantages of technology, and technology is not the root cause of the gap.	16	19
essay38.txt	3	the good technology bringing to us is undeniable	In conclusion, the good technology bringing to us is undeniable.	17	19
essay38.txt	3	Under proper use of technology, the human being can be benefit a lot and perpetually from the advancement of it	Under proper use of technology, the human being can be benefit a lot and perpetually from the advancement of it.	18	19
essay38.txt	0	technology that widen the gap between rich and poor?	technology that widen the gap between rich and poor?	0	19
essay38.txt	0	Technology, in the past two hundred years, has taken a dramatic progress in many fields of our society, such as telecommunications, manufacturing and buildings, etc.	Technology, in the past two hundred years, has taken a dramatic progress in many fields of our society, such as telecommunications, manufacturing and buildings, etc.	1	19
essay38.txt	0	Certainly, technologies have also contributed to the great change of our daily lives.	Certainly, technologies have also contributed to the great change of our daily lives.	2	19
essay38.txt	0	However, today some people consider that the range of technology regarding of public has a negative effect on increasing the gap between rich and poor.	However, today some people consider that the range of technology regarding of public has a negative effect on increasing the gap between rich and poor.	3	19
essay38.txt	0	Undoubtedly, everything has two sides and technology is not an exception.	Undoubtedly, everything has two sides and technology is not an exception.	14	19
essay39.txt	3	a lot of people still consider space exploration as an act of wasting money	However, a lot of people still consider space exploration as an act of wasting money, to illustrate, astronauts only brought useless rocks back to planet earth despite the large sum of money spent on their equipment.	3	18
essay39.txt	3	many facts about solar system can be discovered	Firstly, many facts about solar system can be discovered.	5	18
essay39.txt	2	astronauts only brought useless rocks back to planet earth despite the large sum of money spent on their equipment	However, a lot of people still consider space exploration as an act of wasting money, to illustrate, astronauts only brought useless rocks back to planet earth despite the large sum of money spent on their equipment.	3	18
essay39.txt	2	If it was not for the space exploration, we would never know these facts	If it was not for the space exploration, we would never know these facts.	8	18
essay39.txt	3	people can know more about the planet earth itself	Secondly, people can know more about the planet earth itself.	9	18
essay39.txt	2	a picture of planet earth proved that the earth is round, not flat	For instance, a picture of planet earth proved that the earth is round, not flat.	6	18
essay39.txt	2	it is the earth which goes around the sun, not vice versa	Another example is that it is the earth which goes around the sun, not vice versa.	7	18
essay39.txt	3	a great deal of sophisticated technology can be invented	Finally, a great deal of sophisticated technology can be invented.	12	18
essay39.txt	2	astronauts need to travel to outer space which does not have any oxygen to breathe in	As astronauts need to travel to outer space which does not have any oxygen to breathe in, scientists are compelled to do research on the oxygen tanks.	13	18
essay39.txt	2	scientists are compelled to do research on the oxygen tanks	As astronauts need to travel to outer space which does not have any oxygen to breathe in, scientists are compelled to do research on the oxygen tanks.	13	18
essay39.txt	2	Oxygen tanks, for instance, are proved useful not only in outer space but also underwater	Oxygen tanks, for instance, are proved useful not only in outer space but also underwater.	14	18
essay39.txt	2	By observing planet earth from outer space, people can find out ample things for example about the atmosphere of the planet earth	By observing planet earth from outer space, people can find out ample things for example about the atmosphere of the planet earth.	10	18
essay39.txt	2	spaceships, communication satellites and space pens also contribute a lot to the society	Moreover, spaceships, communication satellites and space pens also contribute a lot to the society.	15	18
essay39.txt	2	With this knowledge, people can work on something to prevent earth hazards such as global warming	With this knowledge, people can work on something to prevent earth hazards such as global warming.	11	18
essay39.txt	1	human beings should travel to outer space	As a conclusion, I personally think that human beings should travel to outer space.	16	18
essay39.txt	2	In spite of costing a fortune, space exploration has given aforementioned benefits	In spite of costing a fortune, space exploration has given aforementioned benefits.	17	18
essay39.txt	0	Why should human beings travel to outer space?	Why should human beings travel to outer space?	0	18
essay39.txt	0	For many centuries, outer space has been one of the most favourable realms of study.	For many centuries, outer space has been one of the most favourable realms of study.	1	18
essay39.txt	0	Space expeditions have been launched and many have been successful.	Space expeditions have been launched and many have been successful.	2	18
essay39.txt	0	On the other hand, there are some reasons for human beings to travel to outer space.	On the other hand, there are some reasons for human beings to travel to outer space.	4	18
essay40.txt	3	the disadvantages are far outweighed by the advantages	This phenomenon, although in some extents, are proved to have negative effects, I feel strongly that the disadvantages are far outweighed by the advantages.	2	19
essay40.txt	2	Part-time jobs furnish them with precious chance to practice what they are learning at their universities	Part-time jobs furnish them with precious chance to practice what they are learning at their universities.	5	19
essay40.txt	2	students can gain their practical experience by getting involved extra jobs	It is undoubtedly certain that students can gain their practical experience by getting involved extra jobs.	4	19
essay40.txt	3	having experienced in working environment during student time offers a distinct advantage when they apply for jobs after their graduation	Moreover, having experienced in working environment during student time offers a distinct advantage when they apply for jobs after their graduation.	8	19
essay40.txt	3	students who take on a part time job are often more confident and independent than other ones	Secondly, students who take on a part time job are often more confident and independent than other ones.	9	19
essay40.txt	2	that seems to be more essential the present shortage of sufficiently practical conditions supplied in universities	In addition, that seems to be more essential the present shortage of sufficiently practical conditions supplied in universities.	6	19
essay40.txt	2	students who get part time jobs have not only academic knowledge but also hands-on experience	As a result, students who get part time jobs have not only academic knowledge but also hands-on experience.	7	19
essay40.txt	2	doing extra jobs helps student with money for their accommodation	Lastly, doing extra jobs helps student with money for their accommodation.	12	19
essay40.txt	2	high studying tuition, added with raising accommodation expenses are becoming a huge burden to students	Indeed, high studying tuition, added with raising accommodation expenses are becoming a huge burden to students.	13	19
essay40.txt	3	With the money they earn from extra jobs, which normally is not much, those difficulties could be partially solved	With the money they earn from extra jobs, which normally is not much, those difficulties could be partially solved.	14	19
essay40.txt	3	that helps students from being reliant on their families as well as is a well-prepared condition for their independent later life	Moreover, that helps students from being reliant on their families as well as is a well-prepared condition for their independent later life.	15	19
essay40.txt	2	By constant communicating with other colleagues daily in a company environment where their new ideas can be raised without hesitation, then students' confidence could be significantly gained	By constant communicating with other colleagues daily in a company environment where their new ideas can be raised without hesitation, then students' confidence could be significantly gained.	10	19
essay40.txt	1	having a part time job during your student time will offer students many clear benefits	In conclusion, I feel certain that having a part time job during your student time will offer students many clear benefits .	16	19
essay40.txt	2	working conditions require students the independency in thinking, working, and solving problems, which is greatly helpful when the characteristic is applied to tackle subjects in their universities	Also, working conditions require students the independency in thinking, working, and solving problems, which is greatly helpful when the characteristic is applied to tackle subjects in their universities.	11	19
essay40.txt	2	By taking on an extra job, students can partly alleviate some their problematic matters such as working experience, confidence and accommodation	By taking on an extra job, students can partly alleviate some their problematic matters such as working experience, confidence and accommodation.	17	19
essay40.txt	3	the tendency of getting extra jobs will increase more in the future	It is my belief the tendency of getting extra jobs will increase more in the future.	18	19
essay40.txt	0	Benefits of students doing extra jobs.	Benefits of students doing extra jobs.	0	19
essay40.txt	0	In present day and age, students are normally exposed to extra jobs as early as they start their university.	In present day and age, students are normally exposed to extra jobs as early as they start their university.	1	19
essay40.txt	0	In this essay, some of the benefits surrounding this matter will be carefully explained.	In this essay, some of the benefits surrounding this matter will be carefully explained.	3	19
essay41.txt	3	the younger generations can help them generate new ideas	In addition, the younger generations can help them generate new ideas as the students are not bound to restricted workload and they tend to have greater imagination, which can be essentially helpful when they are making a new advertisement or slogan.	8	11
essay41.txt	2	the students are not bound to restricted workload	In addition, the younger generations can help them generate new ideas as the students are not bound to restricted workload and they tend to have greater imagination, which can be essentially helpful when they are making a new advertisement or slogan.	8	11
essay41.txt	2	the internship, although without pay, can give them the experiences that money cannot buy	For this reason, the internship, although without pay, can give them the experiences that money cannot buy.	6	11
essay41.txt	1	students can learn outside the textbook and classroom with a real working experiences that can be a great opportunity for future job consideration whereas organizations earn much more	To sum up, students can learn outside the textbook and classroom with a real working experiences that can be a great opportunity for future job consideration whereas organizations earn much more as they can not only save time and money but also be enlightened by what young people have to say.	10	11
essay41.txt	3	the unpaid interns can no doubt save some money	As for the companies, the unpaid interns can no doubt save some money.	7	11
essay41.txt	2	they can not only save time and money but also be enlightened by what young people have to say	To sum up, students can learn outside the textbook and classroom with a real working experiences that can be a great opportunity for future job consideration whereas organizations earn much more as they can not only save time and money but also be enlightened by what young people have to say.	10	11
essay41.txt	2	they tend to have greater imagination, which can be essentially helpful when they are making a new advertisement or slogan	In addition, the younger generations can help them generate new ideas as the students are not bound to restricted workload and they tend to have greater imagination, which can be essentially helpful when they are making a new advertisement or slogan.	8	11
essay41.txt	3	they can start looking for potential employees and begin the training, therefore save the time and resources for searching new staffs and organizing an orientation	Moreover they can start looking for potential employees and begin the training, therefore save the time and resources for searching new staffs and organizing an orientation.	9	11
essay41.txt	3	students can learn invaluable experiences through the period of time working for the institutions they are assigned to	To begin with, students can learn invaluable experiences through the period of time working for the institutions they are assigned to.	3	11
essay41.txt	2	students might have little idea of the real challenges or the true situation when they enter the workforce after graduation	As a result, students might have little idea of the real challenges or the true situation when they enter the workforce after graduation.	5	11
essay41.txt	2	In most school curriculums, the courses are theoretical and often by instructors speaking to students sitting in the classroom	In most school curriculums, the courses are theoretical and often by instructors speaking to students sitting in the classroom.	4	11
essay41.txt	0	Benefits of students' unpaid work.	Benefits of students' unpaid work.	0	11
essay41.txt	0	The purpose of this essay is to discuss what can students and the organizations benefit from the activity that the students sent by their schools to work for companies without salaries.	The purpose of this essay is to discuss what can students and the organizations benefit from the activity that the students sent by their schools to work for companies without salaries.	1	11
essay41.txt	0	In this essay, I would start by analyzing the advantages for doing this for both students and companies, and then I would draw a conclusion at the end.	In this essay, I would start by analyzing the advantages for doing this for both students and companies, and then I would draw a conclusion at the end.	2	11
essay42.txt	2	Take Google for example, the company offers recreation rooms and extra personal leaves for their workers to develop a more relaxing and supportive workforce	Take Google for example, the company offers recreation rooms and extra personal leaves for their workers to develop a more relaxing and supportive workforce.	8	12
essay42.txt	2	the employers can make sure the employees can actually focus and concentrate on their projects instead of thinking about their children or feeling pressured	By doing this, the employers can make sure the employees can actually focus and concentrate on their projects instead of thinking about their children or feeling pressured.	9	12
essay42.txt	2	If the teachers receive higher salaries, they will be willing to spend more extra time mentoring the youngsters rather than hoping they learn in cram schools and so forth, as this is what is happening in Taiwan	If the teachers receive higher salaries, they will be willing to spend more extra time mentoring the youngsters rather than hoping they learn in cram schools and so forth, as this is what is happening in Taiwan.	6	12
essay42.txt	2	they will be feeling more cared for and therefore do their best for their bosses	Alternatively, providing a more secured and relaxing environment for workers can fundamentally boost their productivity since they will be feeling more cared for and therefore do their best for their bosses.	11	12
essay42.txt	3	creating an enjoyable working environment is more realistic and essential if one wishes an increase in productivity and better employee performances	Nevertheless, I believe that creating an enjoyable working environment is more realistic and essential if one wishes an increase in productivity and better employee performances.	7	12
essay42.txt	1	a higher pay can be one of the incentive if were to encourage harder-working employees	To sum up, I believe that a higher pay can be one of the incentive if were to encourage harder-working employees.	10	12
essay42.txt	3	providing a more secured and relaxing environment for workers can fundamentally boost their productivity	Alternatively, providing a more secured and relaxing environment for workers can fundamentally boost their productivity since they will be feeling more cared for and therefore do their best for their bosses.	11	12
essay42.txt	3	A raise or a promotion can no doubt increase the morale in the working places	A raise or a promotion can no doubt increase the morale in the working places.	3	12
essay42.txt	2	junior high school teachers have great responsibility not only for students' private lives as they are going through adolescence but also their school work due to the fact that it is an important phase for them to study hard and get into the high school they want	For instance, junior high school teachers have great responsibility not only for students' private lives as they are going through adolescence but also their school work due to the fact that it is an important phase for them to study hard and get into the high school they want.	5	12
essay42.txt	2	Workers understand they have to work harder to meet the boss' expectations and to make themselves worthwhile	Workers understand they have to work harder to meet the boss' expectations and to make themselves worthwhile.	4	12
essay42.txt	0	Paying more money is the only motivation to make employees work harder.	Paying more money is the only motivation to make employees work harder.	0	12
essay42.txt	0	The purpose of this essay is to discuss whether or not the only way to motivate employees to be more hard-working and productive is by raising their salaries.	The purpose of this essay is to discuss whether or not the only way to motivate employees to be more hard-working and productive is by raising their salaries.	1	12
essay42.txt	0	In this essay, I would start by analyzing the factors for higher yields and finish by stating my position on this.	In this essay, I would start by analyzing the factors for higher yields and finish by stating my position on this.	2	12
essay43.txt	2	these sporting occasions are a good opportunity for people to be proud of their country	Secondly, these sporting occasions are a good opportunity for people to be proud of their country.	9	16
essay43.txt	2	when the Football World Cup was organised in South Africa, its citizens filled up the stadiums, cheered and waved national flags to support their national team on the field	For instance, when the Football World Cup was organised in South Africa, its citizens filled up the stadiums, cheered and waved national flags to support their national team on the field.	10	16
essay43.txt	2	This clearly shows that international sports competitions encourage people and put pressure on them to come back, sooner or later, to a relative peaceful normality	This clearly shows that international sports competitions encourage people and put pressure on them to come back, sooner or later, to a relative peaceful normality.	7	16
essay43.txt	3	people can freely express their patriotic feelings during international sports events	As a result, it is clear that people can freely express their patriotic feelings during international sports events.	13	16
essay43.txt	3	world sports events strongly participate in eventually pulling back people towards friendship and peace	Thus, world sports events strongly participate in eventually pulling back people towards friendship and peace.	8	16
essay43.txt	3	they not only constitute a tremendous appeal towards a peaceful society, but also guide the public demonstrations of national proudness	In conclusion, after analysing the effects of world games both for countries at war and for organising countries, it is clear that they not only constitute a tremendous appeal towards a peaceful society, but also guide the public demonstrations of national proudness.	14	16
essay43.txt	3	This has been true for centuries and will certainly not change in the foreseeable future	This has been true for centuries and will certainly not change in the foreseeable future.	15	16
essay43.txt	2	South African national and traditional songs were played in the streets throughout the night	South African national and traditional songs were played in the streets throughout the night.	11	16
essay43.txt	2	This example demonstrates how people might take numerous elements from their roots and history to proudly display them while supporting their team	This example demonstrates how people might take numerous elements from their roots and history to proudly display them while supporting their team.	12	16
essay43.txt	1	large scale sports games make people focus on attractive contests instead of international disputes, and help them being proud of their nation	It is agreed that large scale sports games make people focus on attractive contests instead of international disputes, and help them being proud of their nation.	3	16
essay43.txt	2	when Irak was hardly struck by the Second Gulf War, its citizens tried to catch any incoming news about the FootballWorld Cup through their portable receivers	For example, when Irak was hardly struck by the Second Gulf War, its citizens tried to catch any incoming news about the FootballWorld Cup through their portable receivers.	6	16
essay43.txt	2	during times of war, people living in badly affected countries can forget about the gloomy environment and maintain a link with the rest of the world by listening to international sports event	Firstly, during times of war, people living in badly affected countries can forget about the gloomy environment and maintain a link with the rest of the world by listening to international sports event.	5	16
essay43.txt	0	Sporting events easing international tensions, releasing patriotic feelings.	Sporting events easing international tensions, releasing patriotic feelings.	0	16
essay43.txt	0	For most folks on Earth, the need to gather in one place, and enjoy competition with other talented people from different cultures through popular games has always been a strong motivation.	For most folks on Earth, the need to gather in one place, and enjoy competition with other talented people from different cultures through popular games has always been a strong motivation.	1	16
essay43.txt	0	This trend is so deeply engraved in people's mind that the organisation of such events continue to be planned, even when some participants are facing grievous social problems.	This trend is so deeply engraved in people's mind that the organisation of such events continue to be planned, even when some participants are facing grievous social problems.	2	16
essay43.txt	0	This will be proved by analysing how sports events may be an important link to the peace, and by how they encourage people to display their national symbols.	This will be proved by analysing how sports events may be an important link to the peace, and by how they encourage people to display their national symbols.	4	16
essay44.txt	2	the major source of energy today is water	Firstly, the major source of energy today is water.	4	16
essay44.txt	2	many countries still rely only on this source	Although there is a lot of water shortage to generate electricity many countries still rely only on this source.	5	16
essay44.txt	2	there is a lot of water shortage to generate electricity	Although there is a lot of water shortage to generate electricity many countries still rely only on this source.	5	16
essay44.txt	2	If the government encourage the use of nuclear, solar or wind energy there might not be any problem in distributing the required amount electricity	If the government encourage the use of nuclear, solar or wind energy there might not be any problem in distributing the required amount electricity.	8	16
essay44.txt	3	it would be a good implication by the government to generate electricity from other available sources	Therefore, it would be a good implication by the government to generate electricity from other available sources.	9	16
essay44.txt	2	To generate such a vast energy the fundamental resources are falling short	To generate such a vast energy the fundamental resources are falling short.	6	16
essay44.txt	2	during summer there will be a lot of power cut in the developing countries such as India	Thus, during summer there will be a lot of power cut in the developing countries such as India.	7	16
essay44.txt	2	the use of nuclear energy as an alternative to the hydro-kinetic energy causes less atmospheric pollution	In the same way, the use of nuclear energy as an alternative to the hydro-kinetic energy causes less atmospheric pollution.	12	16
essay44.txt	1	it would be a better implication by the government to promote other sources of energy	To conclude, it would be a better implication by the government to promote other sources of energy.	13	16
essay44.txt	2	This can make use of the available natural resources which in turn would reduce the global warming	This can make use of the available natural resources which in turn would reduce the global warming.	14	16
essay44.txt	3	government should motivate and encourage the people to use alternative sources such as the solar and the nuclear energy	Further, government should motivate and encourage the people to use alternative sources such as the solar and the nuclear energy.	15	16
essay44.txt	3	the sources most widely used currently to generate power releases extensive amount of gases into the atmosphere which increases global warming	Secondly, the sources most widely used currently to generate power releases extensive amount of gases into the atmosphere which increases global warming.	10	16
essay44.txt	2	the use of a solar cooker instead of an electric cooker would certainly reduce the global warming	For example, the use of a solar cooker instead of an electric cooker would certainly reduce the global warming.	11	16
essay44.txt	0	Government should make more effort to promote alternative sources of energy.	Government should make more effort to promote alternative sources of energy.	0	16
essay44.txt	0	The increasing population and the technological advancements demand more energy than in the past.	The increasing population and the technological advancements demand more energy than in the past.	1	16
essay44.txt	0	It is believed that there are various other resources such as the nuclear and solar which are abundant and eco-friendly.	It is believed that there are various other resources such as the nuclear and solar which are abundant and eco-friendly.	2	16
essay44.txt	0	I will analyze these areas in the essay.	I will analyze these areas in the essay.	3	16
essay45.txt	1	it is the responsibility of these disadvantaged citizens, rather than the government, to help them out	However, I tend to believe it is the responsibility of these disadvantaged citizens, rather than the government, to help them out.	2	14
essay45.txt	2	Tax revenue is collected from those who works	Tax revenue is collected from those who works.	4	14
essay45.txt	3	Government money should be spent on publicly benefitial programs only	Government money should be spent on publicly benefitial programs only.	3	14
essay45.txt	2	addressing unemployment should have low priority	Besides, there are other pressing demands on the government expenditure, such as health care service and education, so addressing unemployment should have low priority.	6	14
essay45.txt	2	to survive in this competitive world, one has to work hard and equip themselves well	Also, it is obvious that, to survive in this competitive world, one has to work hard and equip themselves well.	7	14
essay45.txt	2	Spending them on helping those not make contribution to society would not sound fair to tax payers	Spending them on helping those not make contribution to society would not sound fair to tax payers.	5	14
essay45.txt	2	there are other pressing demands on the government expenditure, such as health care service and education	Besides, there are other pressing demands on the government expenditure, such as health care service and education, so addressing unemployment should have low priority.	6	14
essay45.txt	2	this does not mean we should leave alone those who do need assistance	Of course, this does not mean we should leave alone those who do need assistance.	9	14
essay45.txt	2	They are already in reverse circumstances and it would be rather difficult for them to overcome the difficulties without external support	They are already in reverse circumstances and it would be rather difficult for them to overcome the difficulties without external support.	10	14
essay45.txt	2	they can have the chance to get back to work	In this case, the government ought to set up free vocational trainings or to provide interest-free bank loans for them, so that they can have the chance to get back to work.	11	14
essay45.txt	2	it is benefitial to the society as a whole when the jobless can make contribution again	After all, it is benefitial to the society as a whole when the jobless can make contribution again.	12	14
essay45.txt	3	If they could get free financial help from the government, they might end up with out any motivation to work at all	If they could get free financial help from the government, they might end up with out any motivation to work at all.	8	14
essay45.txt	2	the government should provide help for the disadvantaged people	In conclusion, my point of view is that, although the government should provide help for the disadvantaged people, direct financial support may not be a wise option and people should rely on themselves to get out of the adversity.	13	14
essay45.txt	3	the government ought to set up free vocational trainings or to provide interest-free bank loans for them	In this case, the government ought to set up free vocational trainings or to provide interest-free bank loans for them, so that they can have the chance to get back to work.	11	14
essay45.txt	3	direct financial support may not be a wise option	In conclusion, my point of view is that, although the government should provide help for the disadvantaged people, direct financial support may not be a wise option and people should rely on themselves to get out of the adversity.	13	14
essay45.txt	3	people should rely on themselves to get out of the adversity	In conclusion, my point of view is that, although the government should provide help for the disadvantaged people, direct financial support may not be a wise option and people should rely on themselves to get out of the adversity.	13	14
essay45.txt	0	should governments be responsible to help the unemployed and homeless.	should governments be responsible to help the unemployed and homeless.	0	14
essay45.txt	0	Unemployment is clearly a global problem, be it in developed countries or developing ones.	Unemployment is clearly a global problem, be it in developed countries or developing ones.	1	14
essay46.txt	2	among the vast range of choices offered there are often some training courses that have direct implications on job-seeking and other aspects in everyday life	Nevertheless, among the vast range of choices offered there are often some training courses that have direct implications on job-seeking and other aspects in everyday life.	3	13
essay46.txt	3	I do not believe it is the main or best function of a university	However, although I respect the universities' aim of providing such courses to develop skills required for work and support their cause, I do not believe it is the main or best function of a university.	4	13
essay46.txt	3	I respect the universities' aim of providing such courses to develop skills required for work and support their cause	However, although I respect the universities' aim of providing such courses to develop skills required for work and support their cause, I do not believe it is the main or best function of a university.	4	13
essay46.txt	2	students are the ones here to seek knowledge	What is meant by this is that students are the ones universities should really cater for, not the employers, as students are the ones here to seek knowledge.	6	13
essay46.txt	2	High school graduates choose to further educate themselves in universities because of all different reasons: a degree that's more widely accepted, gain knowledge and insight into an industry, or simply deepen their research interests in a certain field	High school graduates choose to further educate themselves in universities because of all different reasons: a degree that's more widely accepted, gain knowledge and insight into an industry, or simply deepen their research interests in a certain field.	7	13
essay46.txt	2	A university, in common sense, is a medium for conveying or providing access to knowledge	A university, in common sense, is a medium for conveying or providing access to knowledge.	5	13
essay46.txt	3	students are the ones universities should really cater for, not the employers	What is meant by this is that students are the ones universities should really cater for, not the employers, as students are the ones here to seek knowledge.	6	13
essay46.txt	2	these must be made available when needed	It is, therefore, not necessary for a certain course or type of training to be offered to the students by a university, but instead, these must be made available when needed.	9	13
essay46.txt	3	a university should provide access to information, rather than offer selected courses that are suitable for employers' taste	So the truth lies somewhere closer to the fact that a university should provide access to information, rather than offer selected courses that are suitable for employers' taste.	10	13
essay46.txt	1	the main function of a university remains as the provision of knowledge and access to resources	In conclusion, the main function of a university remains as the provision of knowledge and access to resources.	11	13
essay46.txt	3	It would be helpful, however, if certain courses concerning workplace skills can also be made available to students to help shape their futures	It would be helpful, however, if certain courses concerning workplace skills can also be made available to students to help shape their futures.	12	13
essay46.txt	2	universities and be regarded as institutions where abundant educational resources gather	On the other hand, universities and be regarded as institutions where abundant educational resources gather.	8	13
essay46.txt	2	It is, therefore, not necessary for a certain course or type of training to be offered to the students by a university	It is, therefore, not necessary for a certain course or type of training to be offered to the students by a university, but instead, these must be made available when needed.	9	13
essay46.txt	0	True Function of A University.	True Function of A University.	0	13
essay46.txt	0	Universities have quickly become the places to go when people seek to further develop their expertise.	Universities have quickly become the places to go when people seek to further develop their expertise.	1	13
essay46.txt	0	Whether this really suits the needs of their potential employers is highly unlikely as universities nowadays have evolved as a domain of experts: where more and more is known about less and less.	Whether this really suits the needs of their potential employers is highly unlikely as universities nowadays have evolved as a domain of experts: where more and more is known about less and less.	2	13
essay47.txt	2	wild life would be taken good care from professionals	Preserving wild animals in zoos is an issue which frequently generates a great deal of heated debate, with supporters maintaining that wild life would be taken good care from professionals, while opponents claim that the animals are deprived of freedom as a result of staying in zoos.	1	14
essay47.txt	1	animals should live in natural habitats instead of zoos	From my perspective, animals should live in natural habitats instead of zoos.	2	14
essay47.txt	2	the animals are deprived of freedom as a result of staying in zoos	Preserving wild animals in zoos is an issue which frequently generates a great deal of heated debate, with supporters maintaining that wild life would be taken good care from professionals, while opponents claim that the animals are deprived of freedom as a result of staying in zoos.	1	14
essay47.txt	3	it is our responsibility to create a natural and safe environment for animals to live in	Given the fact that human beings are responsible for the heavy pollution and severe damage to the natural habitats of many wild animals, it is our responsibility to create a natural and safe environment for animals to live in.	4	14
essay47.txt	2	the limited space and the artificial trees and lakes can not fully compensate the animals for their loss	Apparently, the limited space and the artificial trees and lakes can not fully compensate the animals for their loss.	5	14
essay47.txt	2	it is the right of wild species to live in a environment away from human beings	To begin with, it is the right of wild species to live in a environment away from human beings.	3	14
essay47.txt	2	human beings are responsible for the heavy pollution and severe damage to the natural habitats of many wild animals	Given the fact that human beings are responsible for the heavy pollution and severe damage to the natural habitats of many wild animals, it is our responsibility to create a natural and safe environment for animals to live in.	4	14
essay47.txt	3	zoos are more likely to be a killer rather than a protector in protecting wild lives	It seems that zoos are more likely to be a killer rather than a protector in protecting wild lives.	8	14
essay47.txt	2	supporters would argue that zoos, which are equipped with modern facilities and professionals, would provide better care for the animals inside	Nevertheless, supporters would argue that zoos, which are equipped with modern facilities and professionals, would provide better care for the animals inside.	9	14
essay47.txt	2	the endangered species preserved in zoos would never die of illegal hunting	They further point out that the endangered species preserved in zoos would never die of illegal hunting.	10	14
essay47.txt	3	the growing number of natural habitat would be the ultimate solution of saving wild animals worldwide	It seems that the growing number of natural habitat would be the ultimate solution of saving wild animals worldwide.	12	14
essay47.txt	2	if rural animals are captured in the zoo for a long period, it would have negative influences on both the physical and psychological status of the creatures	Moreover, if rural animals are captured in the zoo for a long period, it would have negative influences on both the physical and psychological status of the creatures.	6	14
essay47.txt	2	the strict laws prohibiting poaching would provide a shelter for various kinds of animals in natural habitat	However, I would contend that the strict laws prohibiting poaching would provide a shelter for various kinds of animals in natural habitat.	11	14
essay47.txt	2	the wild species would suffer from isolation and depression	As a result, the wild species would suffer from isolation and depression.	7	14
essay47.txt	3	wild animals should be set free from zoos	By way of conclusion, it is my belief that wild animals should be set free from zoos not only because they have the right to enjoy freedom but they also escape from isolation and depression.	13	14
essay47.txt	2	they have the right to enjoy freedom	By way of conclusion, it is my belief that wild animals should be set free from zoos not only because they have the right to enjoy freedom but they also escape from isolation and depression.	13	14
essay47.txt	2	they also escape from isolation and depression	By way of conclusion, it is my belief that wild animals should be set free from zoos not only because they have the right to enjoy freedom but they also escape from isolation and depression.	13	14
essay47.txt	0	zoos should be built to protect rural animals.	zoos should be built to protect rural animals.	0	14
essay48.txt	3	attending lectures in person should be allowed to take a predominant place in universities	A matter of considerable controversy at present is the issue of whether distance-learning should be promoted as much as possible, or rather attending lectures in person should be allowed to take a predominant place in universities because this way of learning is superior than online degrees.	1	14
essay48.txt	1	online-teaching should be widely used among colleges and universities	From my perspective, online-teaching should be widely used among colleges and universities in terms of convenience and optimizing cost for educational institutions.	2	14
essay48.txt	2	this way of learning is superior than online degrees	A matter of considerable controversy at present is the issue of whether distance-learning should be promoted as much as possible, or rather attending lectures in person should be allowed to take a predominant place in universities because this way of learning is superior than online degrees.	1	14
essay48.txt	2	students are able to apply for online-courses provided by top-of-the-range universities and colleges worldwide	Now, however, students are able to apply for online-courses provided by top-of-the-range universities and colleges worldwide.	5	14
essay48.txt	2	the presence of video conferencing allows a teacher to teach a greater number of students	Furthermore, the presence of video conferencing allows a teacher to teach a greater number of students.	6	14
essay48.txt	3	distance-learning brings significant convenience for students in every corner of the world	To begin with, distance-learning brings significant convenience for students in every corner of the world.	3	14
essay48.txt	2	students who were tired of commuting had to attend schools nearby, regardless of any differences in teaching facilities, teacher's qualifications or the school reputation	In earlier times, students who were tired of commuting had to attend schools nearby, regardless of any differences in teaching facilities, teacher's qualifications or the school reputation.	4	14
essay48.txt	3	attending lectures in person provides students an opportunity to communicate with teachers and other classmates	Nevertheless, opponents of online-degrees would argue that attending lectures in person provides students an opportunity to communicate with teachers and other classmates.	9	14
essay48.txt	3	traditional teaching approaches involving discussion and cooperation among students play a significant role in campus life	They further point out that traditional teaching approaches involving discussion and cooperation among students play a significant role in campus life.	10	14
essay48.txt	3	It is the real interactions and communications in class make education much more attractive	It is the real interactions and communications in class make education much more attractive.	11	14
essay48.txt	3	distance-learning will become increasingly important in the future as the pace of life increases	By way of conclusion, it is my belief that distance-learning will become increasingly important in the future as the pace of life increases.	12	14
essay48.txt	3	educational institutions are able to optimize costs by increasing teacher-student ratios	Consequently, educational institutions are able to optimize costs by increasing teacher-student ratios.	7	14
essay48.txt	3	discussions and interactions should be held via video conferencing frequently	However, discussions and interactions should be held via video conferencing frequently so that the joy of learning would not be diminished.	13	14
essay48.txt	2	Thanks to the economical online-teaching, universities and colleges are able to offer grants for students who have outstanding academic achievements but are unable to attend schools because of financial constrains	Thanks to the economical online-teaching, universities and colleges are able to offer grants for students who have outstanding academic achievements but are unable to attend schools because of financial constrains.	8	14
essay48.txt	2	the joy of learning would not be diminished	However, discussions and interactions should be held via video conferencing frequently so that the joy of learning would not be diminished.	13	14
essay48.txt	0	distance-learning vs. attending school in person.	distance-learning vs. attending school in person.	0	14
essay49.txt	3	these new forms of communication do bring a great deal of convenience to humankind	Therefore, it seems that these new forms of communication do bring a great deal of convenience to humankind.	8	14
essay49.txt	2	only the more privileged are able to enjoy the benefits	Nevertheless, opponents of modern communications claim that only the more privileged are able to enjoy the benefits.	9	14
essay49.txt	2	the access to these tools of communication is available in every corner of the world	Furthermore, it is generally felt that the access to these tools of communication is available in every corner of the world.	6	14
essay49.txt	3	people who live in poverty are less likely to be benefited from modern communication technologies	Consequently, people who live in poverty are less likely to be benefited from modern communication technologies.	12	14
essay49.txt	2	With a mobile phone or a laptop, a person can talk or send messages online at a bus stop, in a corner shop or anywhere they could imagine	With a mobile phone or a laptop, a person can talk or send messages online at a bus stop, in a corner shop or anywhere they could imagine.	7	14
essay49.txt	3	modern communication technologies will benefit more people in the future as the pace of life increases	By way of conclusion, I believe that modern communication technologies will benefit more people in the future as the pace of life increases; however, the have-nots cannot be ignored simply because they couldn't afford it.	13	14
essay49.txt	2	the have-nots cannot be ignored simply because they couldn't afford it	By way of conclusion, I believe that modern communication technologies will benefit more people in the future as the pace of life increases; however, the have-nots cannot be ignored simply because they couldn't afford it.	13	14
essay49.txt	2	the wide spread use of these efficient and effective ways of communication costs a considerable amount of money	They further point out that the wide spread use of these efficient and effective ways of communication costs a considerable amount of money.	10	14
essay49.txt	2	Anyone who aims to use these innovations have to not only pay for the appliances such as a mobile phone or a computer but also cover up costs for communication services	Anyone who aims to use these innovations have to not only pay for the appliances such as a mobile phone or a computer but also cover up costs for communication services.	11	14
essay49.txt	1	the majority of people in the globe have benefited greatly from these powerful and effective means of modern communication	Although there are valid arguments to the contrary, it is my belief that the majority of people in the globe have benefited greatly from these powerful and effective means of modern communication.	3	14
essay49.txt	2	With the click of a button, the vast amount of information can be transmitted from America to China in just a few seconds	With the click of a button, the vast amount of information can be transmitted from America to China in just a few seconds.	5	14
essay49.txt	2	mobile phones and other tools of modern communication facilitate not only contact with friends and relatives in faraway places but also global business	To begin with, mobile phones and other tools of modern communication facilitate not only contact with friends and relatives in faraway places but also global business.	4	14
essay49.txt	0	Do modern communication technologies benefit all people.	Do modern communication technologies benefit all people.	0	14
essay49.txt	0	Modern communication technologies such as mobile phones, e-mails and internet chat programs like the MSN Messenger have brought significant changes to our lives in recent years.	Modern communication technologies such as mobile phones, e-mails and internet chat programs like the MSN Messenger have brought significant changes to our lives in recent years.	1	14
essay49.txt	0	Yet, there remains some disagreement as to whether the overall effect of this innovation has been positive or negative.	Yet, there remains some disagreement as to whether the overall effect of this innovation has been positive or negative.	2	14
essay50.txt	2	music has a great power which can positively influence on human being and its psychology	It is obvious that music has a great power which can positively influence on human being and its psychology.	3	20
essay50.txt	2	they live and study in a harmony with music	Therefore, many university authorities provide music lessons for their students so that they live and study in a harmony with music.	4	20
essay50.txt	3	many university authorities provide music lessons for their students	Therefore, many university authorities provide music lessons for their students so that they live and study in a harmony with music.	4	20
essay50.txt	2	if musical activity involves many participants, there will be co-operation and developed team work in the group, which is, of course, beneficial in their future life	Moreover, if musical activity involves many participants, there will be co-operation and developed team work in the group, which is, of course, beneficial in their future life.	7	20
essay50.txt	2	students with a quite poor academic background can show themselves in the music	In fact, students with a quite poor academic background can show themselves in the music.	8	20
essay50.txt	2	students, who spend a great deal of their time studying different academic subjects should have an opportunity to cope with the stress gained during school time	I have an impression that students, who spend a great deal of their time studying different academic subjects should have an opportunity to cope with the stress gained during school time.	5	20
essay50.txt	3	music can be a useful and interesting solution	In this case, music can be a useful and interesting solution.	6	20
essay50.txt	2	In our hectic life, however, demand is not for musically orientated students, but for academically developed employees	In our hectic life, however, demand is not for musically orientated students, but for academically developed employees.	11	20
essay50.txt	2	music is the art which requires special attitude towards it	Hence, I agree with the majority, because music is the art which requires special attitude towards it.	12	20
essay50.txt	2	students can not obtain supposed impacts, unless they get interested in it more seriously	Increasingly however, students can not obtain supposed impacts, unless they get interested in it more seriously.	13	20
essay50.txt	3	music and other entertaining subjects should be optional	Therefore, music and other entertaining subjects should be optional.	14	20
essay50.txt	2	the calm atmosphere in the class might be created	Consequently, the calm atmosphere in the class might be created.	9	20
essay50.txt	2	time is the most valuable thing in life with increased pace	Nowadays, time is the most valuable thing in life with increased pace.	15	20
essay50.txt	2	music can have many mentally enhancing effects on students	By contrast, it is clear that music can have many mentally enhancing effects on students.	10	20
essay50.txt	2	students are to develop their professional skills by learning occupation-related subjects, rather than playing on guitar or singing a song	To my mind, students are to develop their professional skills by learning occupation-related subjects, rather than playing on guitar or singing a song.	16	20
essay50.txt	2	in order to be a competitive worker, students must know their field in an advanced level	In conclusion, I think that in order to be a competitive worker, students must know their field in an advanced level.	17	20
essay50.txt	2	music can help an individual to shape its character	On the other hand, music can help an individual to shape its character.	18	20
essay50.txt	1	An integration of music into learning process bound to be successful when it is not compulsory	An integration of music into learning process bound to be successful when it is not compulsory.	19	20
essay50.txt	0	Should high school make music lessons compulsory.	Should high school make music lessons compulsory.	0	20
essay50.txt	0	Most people claim that in high school music must be taught as a main subject, while others say that this is an unnecessary subject and should at least be optional.	Most people claim that in high school music must be taught as a main subject, while others say that this is an unnecessary subject and should at least be optional.	1	20
essay50.txt	0	In this essay I will give my opinion for both sides.	In this essay I will give my opinion for both sides.	2	20
essay51.txt	2	Thanks to the lower expenditure in food consuming, low income people now have sufficient money to cover up costs in health and education	Thanks to the lower expenditure in food consuming, low income people now have sufficient money to cover up costs in health and education.	7	12
essay51.txt	2	the proliferation of GE food and factory farming are detrimental to people's health	Nonetheless, opponents of modern technology in agriculture would argue that the proliferation of GE food and factory farming are detrimental to people's health.	8	12
essay51.txt	3	governments around the world have the obligation to fund in technological developments in farming in order to make an enough production of food for its people	Therefore, governments around the world have the obligation to fund in technological developments in farming in order to make an enough production of food for its people.	5	12
essay51.txt	3	its long term negatives are significant	In other words, although technological developments in agriculture is beneficial in the short term, its long term negatives are significant.	10	12
essay51.txt	2	Another reason for applied technology in agriculture is the low-priced foods resulted from the widely used of factory farming	Another reason for applied technology in agriculture is the low-priced foods resulted from the widely used of factory farming.	6	12
essay51.txt	2	the wide spread use of modern technology in agriculture may be problematic in itself	In reality, of course, the wide spread use of modern technology in agriculture may be problematic in itself; however, given the seriousness of food insufficiency through out the world, I believe this would be the ultimate goal.	11	12
essay51.txt	3	given the seriousness of food insufficiency through out the world, I believe this would be the ultimate goal	In reality, of course, the wide spread use of modern technology in agriculture may be problematic in itself; however, given the seriousness of food insufficiency through out the world, I believe this would be the ultimate goal.	11	12
essay51.txt	2	food which is genetically modified interrupts the natural balance of the ecosystem and would return to haunt us in unexpected ways	They further suggest that food which is genetically modified interrupts the natural balance of the ecosystem and would return to haunt us in unexpected ways.	9	12
essay51.txt	2	technological developments in agriculture is beneficial in the short term	In other words, although technological developments in agriculture is beneficial in the short term, its long term negatives are significant.	10	12
essay51.txt	1	these developments in agricultures should be preserved	From my perspective, these developments in agricultures should be preserved for the sake of the benefits of all human beings.	2	12
essay51.txt	2	Imagine the tragedies that would ensue if people lived in famine and started to eat people to survive	Imagine the tragedies that would ensue if people lived in famine and started to eat people to survive.	4	12
essay51.txt	2	innovations in agriculture such as mechanized farming and the creations of genetic engineering foods may be the only way to feed the vast number of people in every corner of the world	To begin with, innovations in agriculture such as mechanized farming and the creations of genetic engineering foods may be the only way to feed the vast number of people in every corner of the world.	3	12
essay51.txt	0	pros and cons of developments in agriculture.	pros and cons of developments in agriculture.	0	12
essay51.txt	0	A matter of considerable controversy at present is the issue of whether developments in agriculture are beneficial to humankind, or rather these developments should be allowed to die out just as many inappropriate innovations have in the past.	A matter of considerable controversy at present is the issue of whether developments in agriculture are beneficial to humankind, or rather these developments should be allowed to die out just as many inappropriate innovations have in the past.	1	12
essay52.txt	3	the prevalent of English brings a great number of benefits for people	Some people claim that the prevalent of English brings a great number of benefits for people.	3	16
essay52.txt	2	In the ancient time, the different languages and geography set barriers for people to exchange their goods and ideas	In the ancient time, the different languages and geography set barriers for people to exchange their goods and ideas.	5	16
essay52.txt	2	it promotes the communication and interaction between different countries more conveniently and clearly	First of all, it promotes the communication and interaction between different countries more conveniently and clearly.	4	16
essay52.txt	2	English is a beautiful language, which is more systematical and extensive than many other languages	In addition, English is a beautiful language, which is more systematical and extensive than many other languages.	8	16
essay52.txt	2	Learning English can foster people's sentiment and nourish their literature and art	Learning English can foster people's sentiment and nourish their literature and art.	9	16
essay52.txt	2	the innovation of plane and train solved the geographical barriers	Fortunately, the innovation of plane and train solved the geographical barriers.	6	16
essay52.txt	2	If we can popularize the use of English, the language hinder will disappear as well	If we can popularize the use of English, the language hinder will disappear as well.	7	16
essay52.txt	2	English is a sophisticated language	Even English is a sophisticated language; it does not express every detail of life especially in Asia countries, which have totally different linguistic system.	11	16
essay52.txt	2	it does not express every detail of life especially in Asia countries, which have totally different linguistic system	Even English is a sophisticated language; it does not express every detail of life especially in Asia countries, which have totally different linguistic system.	11	16
essay52.txt	2	language contains many aspects of people's daily life, which is influenced by culture, environment as well as religious	It is undeniable that language contains many aspects of people's daily life, which is influenced by culture, environment as well as religious.	12	16
essay52.txt	2	these languages have special significance for people who belong to them	Obviously, these languages have special significance for people who belong to them and using English to replace them is crudity.	13	16
essay52.txt	3	the dominated status of English has destroyed culture diversity	However, the opponents believe that the dominated status of English has destroyed culture diversity and many less-used languages become extinct.	10	16
essay52.txt	2	using English to replace them is crudity	Obviously, these languages have special significance for people who belong to them and using English to replace them is crudity.	13	16
essay52.txt	3	many less-used languages become extinct	However, the opponents believe that the dominated status of English has destroyed culture diversity and many less-used languages become extinct.	10	16
essay52.txt	1	English as an elegant language should be advocated in many fields to expand the global trade and communications	Personally, English as an elegant language should be advocated in many fields to expand the global trade and communications.	14	16
essay52.txt	3	we still need preserve other languages for sake of keeping the linguistic and cultural diversity	But, we still need preserve other languages for sake of keeping the linguistic and cultural diversity.	15	16
essay52.txt	0	advantages and disadvantages of the prevalent of English.	advantages and disadvantages of the prevalent of English.	0	16
essay52.txt	0	With the development of globalization, English became the dominated language in national trade, conference and many important events.	With the development of globalization, English became the dominated language in national trade, conference and many important events.	1	16
essay52.txt	0	This phenomenon has aroused a heated discussion in public.	This phenomenon has aroused a heated discussion in public.	2	16
essay53.txt	3	Human being has driven many animals for their personal use	Human being has driven many animals for their personal use such as, cows and other milch animals for yielding milk from them.	5	18
essay53.txt	2	other animals such as, horses, cattles and donkeys for farming, agriculture and as a mode of transportation	Likewise, other animals such as, horses, cattles and donkeys for farming, agriculture and as a mode of transportation.	6	18
essay53.txt	2	cows and other milch animals for yielding milk from them	Human being has driven many animals for their personal use such as, cows and other milch animals for yielding milk from them.	5	18
essay53.txt	3	many farmers and owners exploit animals beyond their limits	On the other hand, many farmers and owners exploit animals beyond their limits.	9	18
essay53.txt	2	cows are often injected by Oxytocin, a hormone which is used to forcibly increase lactation	For instance, cows are often injected by Oxytocin, a hormone which is used to forcibly increase lactation.	10	18
essay53.txt	2	Many people keep pets like dogs and cats, trained them as service dogs and snuffing dogs which are very helpful to police force and even to some blind peoples	Many people keep pets like dogs and cats, trained them as service dogs and snuffing dogs which are very helpful to police force and even to some blind peoples.	7	18
essay53.txt	2	They are kept for security purposes in houses	They are kept for security purposes in houses.	8	18
essay53.txt	2	Another example of this is cage farming which is against animal rights	Another example of this is cage farming which is against animal rights.	13	18
essay53.txt	2	Many other practices like, equestrian sport where horses run miles and miles and beaten up by jockeys to make them run more faster	Many other practices like, equestrian sport where horses run miles and miles and beaten up by jockeys to make them run more faster.	14	18
essay53.txt	2	And above all pleasure hunting of defenseless animals	And above all pleasure hunting of defenseless animals.	15	18
essay53.txt	1	human being should behave as a guardian to animals	From my prospective, human being should behave as a guardian to animals rather than as their lord or masters.	16	18
essay53.txt	2	This in turn, causes lots of discomfort and pain to the cattle	This in turn, causes lots of discomfort and pain to the cattle.	11	18
essay53.txt	2	Animal rights are meant to set limits on human behavior	Animal rights are meant to set limits on human behavior and manipulation of them should be punished as a serious crime.	17	18
essay53.txt	3	thousand of animals undergo painful suffering or death as a result of scientific research of drugs and various products	Furthermore, thousand of animals undergo painful suffering or death as a result of scientific research of drugs and various products.	12	18
essay53.txt	3	manipulation of them should be punished as a serious crime	Animal rights are meant to set limits on human behavior and manipulation of them should be punished as a serious crime.	17	18
essay53.txt	0	humans should be able to use animals for their own benefit?	humans should be able to use animals for their own benefit?	0	18
essay53.txt	0	Man has dominated all his fellow beings on earth because of his superior brain.	Man has dominated all his fellow beings on earth because of his superior brain.	1	18
essay53.txt	0	He has domesticated a large number of animals and birds and makes use of them to make life easier and convenient for himself.	He has domesticated a large number of animals and birds and makes use of them to make life easier and convenient for himself.	2	18
essay53.txt	0	Many people encourage the use of animals for their personal needs, while others are concerned that animals should not be misused.	Many people encourage the use of animals for their personal needs, while others are concerned that animals should not be misused.	3	18
essay53.txt	0	This essay will discuss some arguments for and against animal domestication.	This essay will discuss some arguments for and against animal domestication.	4	18
essay54.txt	2	more and more people can watch exhibitions through television or internet at home due to modern technology	It is quite common that more and more people can watch exhibitions through television or internet at home due to modern technology; therefore, some people think museums and art galleries will disappear soon.	1	11
essay54.txt	2	modern technology make it possible	Although modern technology make it possible, I still believe some museums and art galleries will not disappear.	2	11
essay54.txt	3	some people think museums and art galleries will disappear soon	It is quite common that more and more people can watch exhibitions through television or internet at home due to modern technology; therefore, some people think museums and art galleries will disappear soon.	1	11
essay54.txt	2	people who watch exhibitions on TV or internet at home, save the time and money on the road, which is increasingly significant particularly to people in modern society	Obviously, people who watch exhibitions on TV or internet at home, save the time and money on the road, which is increasingly significant particularly to people in modern society.	4	11
essay54.txt	2	in accordance with recent research, experts suggest the lifestyle of individuals in modern society is unhealthy	However, in accordance with recent research, experts suggest the lifestyle of individuals in modern society is unhealthy because they lack of physical exercise and face-to-face communication.	5	11
essay54.txt	1	some museums and art galleries will not disappear	Although modern technology make it possible, I still believe some museums and art galleries will not disappear.	2	11
essay54.txt	3	technology indeed simplifies people's life all the time	On the one hand, technology indeed simplifies people's life all the time.	3	11
essay54.txt	2	authentic exhibits cannot be completely displayed only by images and videos	First of all, authentic exhibits cannot be completely displayed only by images and videos.	7	11
essay54.txt	2	It is like travelling to a place is much better than viewing the landscape of that place on TV or photos	It is like travelling to a place is much better than viewing the landscape of that place on TV or photos, so the best method to learn one thing is to experience it.	8	11
essay54.txt	2	the best method to learn one thing is to experience it	It is like travelling to a place is much better than viewing the landscape of that place on TV or photos, so the best method to learn one thing is to experience it.	8	11
essay54.txt	2	museums and art galleries preserve some culture heritages	Furthermore, museums and art galleries preserve some culture heritages; therefore, these buildings will not disappear unless people abandon their culture.	9	11
essay54.txt	2	they lack of physical exercise and face-to-face communication	However, in accordance with recent research, experts suggest the lifestyle of individuals in modern society is unhealthy because they lack of physical exercise and face-to-face communication.	5	11
essay54.txt	3	these buildings will not disappear unless people abandon their culture	Furthermore, museums and art galleries preserve some culture heritages; therefore, these buildings will not disappear unless people abandon their culture.	9	11
essay54.txt	3	the importance of museums and art galleries is plain in terms of education and culture	On the other hand, the importance of museums and art galleries is plain in terms of education and culture.	6	11
essay54.txt	2	modern technology has provided a more convenient and comfortable manner for people to watch exhibitions	In conclusion, I admit that modern technology has provided a more convenient and comfortable manner for people to watch exhibitions, but museums and art galleries are necessary to be preserved for its importance of education and culture.	10	11
essay54.txt	3	museums and art galleries are necessary to be preserved for its importance of education and culture	In conclusion, I admit that modern technology has provided a more convenient and comfortable manner for people to watch exhibitions, but museums and art galleries are necessary to be preserved for its importance of education and culture.	10	11
essay54.txt	0	museums and art galleries will disappear soon?	museums and art galleries will disappear soon?	0	11
essay55.txt	3	The benefits of teaching students different units are easily recognized	The benefits of teaching students different units are easily recognized.	6	19
essay55.txt	2	Teenagers are still too young and immature to decide what they are going to dedicate	Teenagers are still too young and immature to decide what they are going to dedicate.	8	19
essay55.txt	2	with some basic knowledge of diverse fields, students have more options in choosing specialized areas or jobs in the future	In the first place, with some basic knowledge of diverse fields, students have more options in choosing specialized areas or jobs in the future.	7	19
essay55.txt	2	they feel more stressful with so much homework and exams to be done	However, still many teenagers cannot enjoy the variation of the curriculum, instead, they feel more stressful with so much homework and exams to be done.	10	19
essay55.txt	2	most students regard the extra knowledge useless and impractical for their future jobs	Besides, most students regard the extra knowledge useless and impractical for their future jobs.	11	19
essay55.txt	2	In students' point of view, the combination of difficult and easy subjects balances their schoolwork stress and fosters their enthusiasm on classes	In students' point of view, the combination of difficult and easy subjects balances their schoolwork stress and fosters their enthusiasm on classes.	9	19
essay55.txt	2	many teenagers cannot enjoy the variation of the curriculum	However, still many teenagers cannot enjoy the variation of the curriculum, instead, they feel more stressful with so much homework and exams to be done.	10	19
essay55.txt	2	the drawbacks of this teaching method cannot be neglected	However, the drawbacks of this teaching method cannot be neglected.	14	19
essay55.txt	2	under such target-oriented education environment, teenagers may be hard to regret their original choice and change their specialized field in their further study	Most importantly, under such target-oriented education environment, teenagers may be hard to regret their original choice and change their specialized field in their further study.	15	19
essay55.txt	2	the dullness of course may deeply influence their passion on study	Moreover, the dullness of course may deeply influence their passion on study.	16	19
essay55.txt	2	concentrating on one subject can reduce students' pressure and foster the effectiveness in training talents	It is undeniable that concentrating on one subject can reduce students' pressure and foster the effectiveness in training talents, while its shortfalls are so vital to students' future.	17	19
essay55.txt	3	this education model can cultivate more talents who specialized in different areas and increase studying effectiveness	Those who advocate focusing on one subject believe that this education model can cultivate more talents who specialized in different areas and increase studying effectiveness.	12	19
essay55.txt	2	its shortfalls are so vital to students' future	It is undeniable that concentrating on one subject can reduce students' pressure and foster the effectiveness in training talents, while its shortfalls are so vital to students' future.	17	19
essay55.txt	2	students can devote more time and efforts in one subject and reduce pressure from other subjects	This is probably because students can devote more time and efforts in one subject and reduce pressure from other subjects.	13	19
essay55.txt	1	I do support the view of learning all school subjects	Therefore, I do support the view of learning all school subjects.	18	19
essay55.txt	0	should teenagers learn all school subjects/focus on one subject.	should teenagers learn all school subjects/focus on one subject.	0	19
essay55.txt	0	Presently, it is commonly accepted that students have to learn over eight subjects in school.	Presently, it is commonly accepted that students have to learn over eight subjects in school.	1	19
essay55.txt	0	Public retain differing views on whether to teach students all subjects or just focus on one subject.	Public retain differing views on whether to teach students all subjects or just focus on one subject.	2	19
essay55.txt	0	Some parents are satisfied with the full class schedule of their children.	Some parents are satisfied with the full class schedule of their children.	3	19
essay55.txt	0	While, others claim that studying only one subject is more effective.	While, others claim that studying only one subject is more effective.	4	19
essay55.txt	0	Before rendering my own opinion, I will explore sides of this topic.	Before rendering my own opinion, I will explore sides of this topic.	5	19
essay56.txt	2	English is being accepted universally	No one can deny the huge benefits of the trend that English is being accepted universally.	4	20
essay56.txt	2	In my country, English is a required course from elementary school	In my country, English is a required course from elementary school.	6	20
essay56.txt	2	communication between countries and cultures become convenient	To begin with, communication between countries and cultures become convenient.	5	20
essay56.txt	2	This, in turn, enhances relationship and promotes international business	This, in turn, enhances relationship and promotes international business.	9	20
essay56.txt	2	researchers, especially those who work on high-tech, would have wider range of references if they are good at English	Furthermore, researchers, especially those who work on high-tech, would have wider range of references if they are good at English.	10	20
essay56.txt	2	studying abroad is easy and becomes hot among youngsters	Thus, studying abroad is easy and becomes hot among youngsters.	7	20
essay56.txt	2	For them, language obstacle is no longer a problem, which results in mutual understanding and trust between their mother land and the host country	For them, language obstacle is no longer a problem, which results in mutual understanding and trust between their mother land and the host country.	8	20
essay56.txt	3	they have no choice but choosing English as a second language	As a result, they have no choice but choosing English as a second language.	13	20
essay56.txt	2	English is making lesser-known languages disappear ever year	Admittedly, opponents may blame that English is making lesser-known languages disappear ever year.	14	20
essay56.txt	3	the culture heritage and nation identity vanish	Hence, the culture heritage and nation identity vanish.	15	20
essay56.txt	2	this is really short-sighted, ignoring the rapid development of native economy and society	However, this is really short-sighted, ignoring the rapid development of native economy and society.	16	20
essay56.txt	2	Taking IT industry for an example, top technical science is published in English	Taking IT industry for an example, top technical science is published in English.	11	20
essay56.txt	1	the prevalent usage of English brings benefits to people and countries all around	In conclusion, in spite of some negative effects, I'm totally convinced that the prevalent usage of English brings benefits to people and countries all around.	17	20
essay56.txt	2	It's neither to get a translated version of these articles, nor to always have a translator besides	It's neither to get a translated version of these articles, nor to always have a translator besides.	12	20
essay56.txt	3	all youths should learn English owing to its key role in globalization	I suggest all youths should learn English owing to its key role in globalization.	18	20
essay56.txt	3	actions, like recording, can be taken to protect native languages and cultures	But at the same time, actions, like recording, can be taken to protect native languages and cultures.	19	20
essay56.txt	0	Influence of English - advantages outweigh the disadvantages.	Influence of English - advantages outweigh the disadvantages.	0	20
essay56.txt	0	In the present age, it is a matter of fact that increasing minority languages have diminished from the world due to the proliferation of English.	In the present age, it is a matter of fact that increasing minority languages have diminished from the world due to the proliferation of English.	1	20
essay56.txt	0	Some people claim it's a reasonable loss in globalization while others argue the demerits exceed the merits.	Some people claim it's a reasonable loss in globalization while others argue the demerits exceed the merits.	2	20
essay56.txt	0	Personally, I agree with the former opinion.	Personally, I agree with the former opinion.	3	20
essay57.txt	2	Creativity originates in a free mind	Creativity originates in a free mind.	3	23
essay57.txt	2	creative artists like Michaelangelo, Picasso, Salman Rushdie, Shakespeare etc. have made artistic works which gave a social message	Time and again, creative artists like Michaelangelo, Picasso, Salman Rushdie, Shakespeare etc. have made artistic works which gave a social message.	5	23
essay57.txt	1	creative artists must be given the freedom to express their ideas without any restrictions	Hence, creative artists must be given the freedom to express their ideas without any restrictions.	4	23
essay57.txt	3	innovative works makes people realise things in a peaceful way and peep into their own conscience	Nonetheless, innovative works makes people realise things in a peaceful way and peep into their own conscience.	8	23
essay57.txt	2	It helps to raise issues and criticise the wrong doings of the governments	It helps to raise issues and criticise the wrong doings of the governments.	9	23
essay57.txt	2	Right from sculptures to paintings, books to drama and movies, all these artistic works have reflected the contemporary social issues of different eras	Right from sculptures to paintings, books to drama and movies, all these artistic works have reflected the contemporary social issues of different eras.	6	23
essay57.txt	3	Creative works help to create social awareness by giving a social message	Creative works help to create social awareness by giving a social message.	7	23
essay57.txt	3	creativity also gives aesthetic charm	In addition, creativity also gives aesthetic charm.	12	23
essay57.txt	2	Mind is like a parachute, it doesn't work if its not open	Frank Zappa once said, " Mind is like a parachute, it doesn't work if its not open."	14	23
essay57.txt	2	Restrictions would just curb the innovative ideas of the artists and would limit their brains	Restrictions would just curb the innovative ideas of the artists and would limit their brains.	15	23
essay57.txt	3	Like the media, artists should also be given the freedom to express their ideas freely	Like the media, artists should also be given the freedom to express their ideas freely.	16	23
essay57.txt	2	Bangladeshi writer Taslima Nasrin was accused of acting against the government, just because she raised a social issue	For instance, Bangladeshi writer Taslima Nasrin was accused of acting against the government, just because she raised a social issue.	10	23
essay57.txt	3	artists should also know not to hurt the sentiments of the people	However, artists should also know not to hurt the sentiments of the people.	17	23
essay57.txt	3	This type of approach is a hurdle in promoting creative minds	This type of approach is a hurdle in promoting creative minds.	11	23
essay57.txt	2	Many artists have been involved in controversies because of hurting the religious or social beliefs of the common people	Many artists have been involved in controversies because of hurting the religious or social beliefs of the common people.	18	23
essay57.txt	3	Artists should have self-awareness not to create vulgar, hurtful or useless works which do not serve any purpose	Artists should have self-awareness not to create vulgar, hurtful or useless works which do not serve any purpose.	19	23
essay57.txt	3	artists should be given the freedom of expression	I firmly believe that artists should be given the freedom of expression.	20	23
essay57.txt	2	Mind can not work when it is chained in boundaries	Mind can not work when it is chained in boundaries.	21	23
essay57.txt	2	Imagination is at its best when the mind is relaxed and free from the fear of government or any restrictive laws	Imagination is at its best when the mind is relaxed and free from the fear of government or any restrictive laws.	22	23
essay57.txt	0	creativity-should it be given freedom or restrictions.	creativity-should it be given freedom or restrictions.	0	23
essay57.txt	0	Creativity is the ability to think beyond the obvious.	Creativity is the ability to think beyond the obvious.	1	23
essay57.txt	0	Many governments restrict the artistic works of the creative minds.	Many governments restrict the artistic works of the creative minds.	2	23
essay57.txt	0	Unfortunately, many governments restrict the artists.	Unfortunately, many governments restrict the artists.	13	23
essay58.txt	2	lions hunt in a team	For instance, lions hunt in a team.	8	30
essay58.txt	2	It is only due to their teamwork that they are able to catch a prey and make task easy	It is only due to their teamwork that they are able to catch a prey and make task easy.	9	30
essay58.txt	2	We live in a social setup and mutual help and sharing only leads to success	We live in a social setup and mutual help and sharing only leads to success.	6	30
essay58.txt	2	A person can not learn or achieve everything by oneself	A person can not learn or achieve everything by oneself.	7	30
essay58.txt	2	co-operative approach will save time, energy and will have a higher success rate	In the same way, co-operative approach will save time, energy and will have a higher success rate.	10	30
essay58.txt	2	When co-operation and healthy competition is followed together, success, achievements, recognition and any goal becomes easier	When co-operation and healthy competition is followed together, success, achievements, recognition and any goal becomes easier.	29	30
essay58.txt	3	co-operation helps to understand other's perspective and learn by their mistakes	Nevertheless, co-operation helps to understand other's perspective and learn by their mistakes.	11	30
essay58.txt	3	They must be made aware of the demerits of selfish competition	They must be made aware of the demerits of selfish competition.	28	30
essay58.txt	1	children should be taught co-operation complimented with a healthy competition	I firmly believe that children should be taught co-operation complimented with a healthy competition.	27	30
essay58.txt	2	These are two sides of the same coin which can't be seperated	These are two sides of the same coin which can't be seperated.	26	30
essay58.txt	2	competition and co-operation go hand in hand	Thus, competition and co-operation go hand in hand.	25	30
essay58.txt	2	Competition should be always based on self-improvement rule	Competition should be always based on self-improvement rule.	23	30
essay58.txt	3	A healthy competition which involves raising one's own level above others is the best approach	A healthy competition which involves raising one's own level above others is the best approach.	24	30
essay58.txt	3	co-operative approach always helps a child to become a responsible adult with good moral values and a friendly social circle	However, co-operative approach always helps a child to become a responsible adult with good moral values and a friendly social circle.	3	30
essay58.txt	3	Educational systems emphasize on encouraging co-operative approach in children	Educational systems emphasize on encouraging co-operative approach in children.	5	30
essay58.txt	2	Co-operation is essential for teamwork	Co-operation is essential for teamwork.	4	30
essay58.txt	2	It helps to identify one's strengths and weaknesses as compared to others	It helps to identify one's strengths and weaknesses as compared to others.	12	30
essay58.txt	3	competition is also as important as co-operation	However, competition is also as important as co-operation.	14	30
essay58.txt	3	A co-operative approach can create inspirational and motivational feeling seeing other people's achievements	A co-operative approach can create inspirational and motivational feeling seeing other people's achievements.	13	30
essay58.txt	3	An individual must compete with oneself only, instead of trying to beat others	An individual must compete with oneself only, instead of trying to beat others.	16	30
essay58.txt	2	Competition has helped the development of science and technology	Competition has helped the development of science and technology.	17	30
essay58.txt	3	Competition helps in improvement and evolution	Competition helps in improvement and evolution.	18	30
essay58.txt	2	every other day, new cars are developed by companies which are more efficient than others	For example, every other day, new cars are developed by companies which are more efficient than others.	19	30
essay58.txt	2	This kind of competition gives customers more options	This kind of competition gives customers more options.	20	30
essay58.txt	2	blind and selfish competition is detrimental	However, blind and selfish competition is detrimental.	21	30
essay58.txt	2	'Your loss, my gain' kind of competition can never be fruitful in the long run	'Your loss, my gain' kind of competition can never be fruitful in the long run.	22	30
essay58.txt	0	competition or co-operation-which is better.	competition or co-operation-which is better.	0	30
essay58.txt	0	The modern society is full of cut-throat competition.	The modern society is full of cut-throat competition.	1	30
essay58.txt	0	Some people think that inculcating co-operative approach in a child is essential while some think that competing is the best way to succeed.	Some people think that inculcating co-operative approach in a child is essential while some think that competing is the best way to succeed.	2	30
essay58.txt	0	Unfortunately, the meaning of competion has been modified in a wrong direction.	Unfortunately, the meaning of competion has been modified in a wrong direction.	15	30
essay59.txt	1	strict laws, like capital punishment, are essential in a society	However, strict laws, like capital punishment, are essential in a society.	6	26
essay59.txt	2	Its first and foremost objective is safety of other human beings	Its first and foremost objective is safety of other human beings.	8	26
essay59.txt	2	Capital punishment is given only in the " rarest of the rare" cases	Capital punishment is given only in the " rarest of the rare" cases.	7	26
essay59.txt	2	capital punishment curbs the inspiration and prospects of other hateful crimes	Moreover, capital punishment curbs the inspiration and prospects of other hateful crimes.	11	26
essay59.txt	2	When a criminal mind knows the quantum of punishment, they will fear and not commit such crimes	When a criminal mind knows the quantum of punishment, they will fear and not commit such crimes.	12	26
essay59.txt	2	When a criminal becomes a threat to the society, such that they can commit heinous crimes, then they are given capital punishment	When a criminal becomes a threat to the society, such that they can commit heinous crimes, then they are given capital punishment.	9	26
essay59.txt	3	capital punishment protects the society from hardcore criminals	Thus, capital punishment protects the society from hardcore criminals.	10	26
essay59.txt	3	Criminals who don't have any chance of improvement or who have a past record of such crimes are, therefore, given capital punishment	Criminals who don't have any chance of improvement or who have a past record of such crimes are, therefore, given capital punishment.	15	26
essay59.txt	2	the jury giving the verdict are also humans	However, the jury giving the verdict are also humans.	16	26
essay59.txt	2	They have the life of a person at their discretion	They have the life of a person at their discretion.	17	26
essay59.txt	2	They can make mistakes which can sometimes affect an innocent, circumstantially marred criminals	They can make mistakes which can sometimes affect an innocent, circumstantially marred criminals.	18	26
essay59.txt	3	the rate of crime and violence is effectively decreased	Thus, the rate of crime and violence is effectively decreased.	13	26
essay59.txt	3	The jury must therefore, take into account the circumstances of committing a crime	The jury must therefore, take into account the circumstances of committing a crime.	19	26
essay59.txt	2	capital punishment saves a lot of government funding which is wasted in maintenance of these hardcore criminals	Importantly, capital punishment saves a lot of government funding which is wasted in maintenance of these hardcore criminals.	14	26
essay59.txt	2	if an individual murders someone for self-defence, then such a crime is not heinous	For example, if an individual murders someone for self-defence, then such a crime is not heinous.	20	26
essay59.txt	2	Only deserving criminals, who commit such hateful crimes in their proper senses are subjected to capital punishment	Only deserving criminals, who commit such hateful crimes in their proper senses are subjected to capital punishment.	21	26
essay59.txt	2	Capital punishment is essential to control violence in the society	Capital punishment is essential to control violence in the society.	22	26
essay59.txt	3	psychopaths, terrorists or any other criminal who lacks empathy for other human lives deserve capital punishment	I firmly believe that psychopaths, terrorists or any other criminal who lacks empathy for other human lives deserve capital punishment.	23	26
essay59.txt	2	Capital punishment helps to safeguard human rights in a strict and effective manner	Capital punishment helps to safeguard human rights in a strict and effective manner.	24	26
essay59.txt	3	it should be considered as the last option by the jury and all circumstances must be taken into account before pronouncing the final verdict	However, it should be considered as the last option by the jury and all circumstances must be taken into account before pronouncing the final verdict.	25	26
essay59.txt	0	capital punishment.	capital punishment.	0	26
essay59.txt	0	.	.	1	26
essay59.txt	0	necessary or not.	necessary or not.	2	26
essay59.txt	0	Crime is always punishable.	Crime is always punishable.	3	26
essay59.txt	0	Retribution is the method for countering criminals.	Retribution is the method for countering criminals.	4	26
essay59.txt	0	Some countries have stringent rules, like capital punishment, while other have a lot of flexibility in the judicial system.	Some countries have stringent rules, like capital punishment, while other have a lot of flexibility in the judicial system.	5	26
essay60.txt	2	when students start their university studies after a break, they will feel fresh and full of energy to take the new challenge	Importantly, when students start their university studies after a break, they will feel fresh and full of energy to take the new challenge.	8	27
essay60.txt	2	during high school, many students face a dilemma to decide which stream should they major in	Nevertheless, during high school, many students face a dilemma to decide which stream should they major in.	9	27
essay60.txt	2	A continous study pressure for over 10 years makes the mind saturated and like a robot, to follow instructions	A continous study pressure for over 10 years makes the mind saturated and like a robot, to follow instructions.	6	27
essay60.txt	2	a break will give students some time to refresh their systems, by travelling or following their hobbies	Personally, a break will give students some time to refresh their systems, by travelling or following their hobbies.	7	27
essay60.txt	3	Working or travelling for some time, after high school, can help them to find their field of interest	Working or travelling for some time, after high school, can help them to find their field of interest.	10	27
essay60.txt	3	It will also help them to learn professional setup by working	It will also help them to learn professional setup by working.	11	27
essay60.txt	2	One year break can help young people to prepare for the challenges of life	One year break can help young people to prepare for the challenges of life.	26	27
essay60.txt	3	Countries, like India, where such a break is considered a blot, should understand that young minds are delicate and they face a cut-throat competition	Countries, like India, where such a break is considered a blot, should understand that young minds are delicate and they face a cut-throat competition.	25	27
essay60.txt	3	a break should be necessarily allowed to young minds between their high school and university studies	Thus, a break should be necessarily allowed to young minds between their high school and university studies.	24	27
essay60.txt	2	the sole purpose of education is to nurture a young mind and not thrust studies on them	Importantly, the sole purpose of education is to nurture a young mind and not thrust studies on them.	23	27
essay60.txt	3	A break gives students more benefits than harms	A break gives students more benefits than harms.	22	27
essay60.txt	2	It varies from individual to individual, how they utilise that period	It varies from individual to individual, how they utilise that period.	21	27
essay60.txt	1	a break of one year is good for young people after finishing their high school	However, a break of one year is good for young people after finishing their high school.	3	27
essay60.txt	3	A relaxation of one year to young minds will give them a quintessential change	A relaxation of one year to young minds will give them a quintessential change.	5	27
essay60.txt	2	In most education systems, a child studies continously from the age of 5 till 16 years of age	In most education systems, a child studies continously from the age of 5 till 16 years of age.	4	27
essay60.txt	3	Financially,students can save a little money to support their university education by doing a job	Financially,students can save a little money to support their university education by doing a job.	12	27
essay60.txt	3	Some students even utilise this time for preparation of their desired university course	Some students even utilise this time for preparation of their desired university course.	13	27
essay60.txt	3	there are also disadvantages	However, there are also disadvantages.	14	27
essay60.txt	2	A break can disturb the focus of students and prove detrimental	A break can disturb the focus of students and prove detrimental.	15	27
essay60.txt	2	When students work during these breaks, the feel of money gives them an illusion that such salary is enough for them	When students work during these breaks, the feel of money gives them an illusion that such salary is enough for them and they go in a utopia.	16	27
essay60.txt	2	they go in a utopia	When students work during these breaks, the feel of money gives them an illusion that such salary is enough for them and they go in a utopia.	16	27
essay60.txt	2	my cousin started working in a customer care centre after high school and got distracted	For instance, my cousin started working in a customer care centre after high school and got distracted.	17	27
essay60.txt	2	When he started his university studies, he failed miserably	When he started his university studies, he failed miserably.	18	27
essay60.txt	2	Students can also indulge in smoking or drinking during this time	Students can also indulge in smoking or drinking during this time.	19	27
essay60.txt	3	the break should be an optional thing	But , the break should be an optional thing.	20	27
essay60.txt	0	is a break good or bad after high school for students.	is a break good or bad after high school for students.	0	27
essay60.txt	0	Studies are an essential part of life.	Studies are an essential part of life.	1	27
essay60.txt	0	Some countries permit students to take a break from studies between high school and university studies, while in some countries, it is considered as waste of time.	Some countries permit students to take a break from studies between high school and university studies, while in some countries, it is considered as waste of time.	2	27
essay61.txt	2	today, it can be sent in few minutes by typing a email and few clicks	But today, it can be sent in few minutes by typing a email and few clicks.	11	30
essay61.txt	2	Computers provide speed, increase efficiency, accuracy, precision, help to increase productivity and other countless benefits are provided by it	Computers provide speed, increase efficiency, accuracy, precision, help to increase productivity and other countless benefits are provided by it.	12	30
essay61.txt	3	Computers have made human life more easy, convenient and lightning fast	Computers have made human life more easy, convenient and lightning fast.	9	30
essay61.txt	2	in earlier days , if one had to send a message to someone in other country, it used to take months	For example, in earlier days , if one had to send a message to someone in other country, it used to take months.	10	30
essay61.txt	3	future prospects of computers are very bright	Moreover, future prospects of computers are very bright.	13	30
essay61.txt	2	From a computer as big as a room, it has now been minimized to the size of a palm	From a computer as big as a room, it has now been minimized to the size of a palm.	14	30
essay61.txt	3	not depending on them is out of question	Human life today can't be imagined without computers, so not depending on them is out of question.	29	30
essay61.txt	2	Human life today can't be imagined without computers	Human life today can't be imagined without computers, so not depending on them is out of question.	29	30
essay61.txt	2	it has fulfilled its objective	Computer was invented for the benefit of mankind and it has fulfilled its objective.	28	30
essay61.txt	2	Computer was invented for the benefit of mankind	Computer was invented for the benefit of mankind and it has fulfilled its objective.	28	30
essay61.txt	2	one needs to be aware of all the pros and cons and beware of malicious things	However, one needs to be aware of all the pros and cons and beware of malicious things.	27	30
essay61.txt	2	with all the mentioned demerits, computers have provided security and sophistication too	Nevertheless, with all the mentioned demerits, computers have provided security and sophistication too.	25	30
essay61.txt	3	computers are used everywhere	In the modern world, computers are used everywhere.	6	30
essay61.txt	2	They are used in space programmes , wars, hospitals, schools and so on	They are used in space programmes , wars, hospitals, schools and so on.	8	30
essay61.txt	2	Right from flying planes to sending a small document, computers are needed	Right from flying planes to sending a small document, computers are needed.	7	30
essay61.txt	2	Nanotechnology is working to make computers to the order of microscopic levels	Nanotechnology is working to make computers to the order of microscopic levels.	15	30
essay61.txt	2	Research on making computerised drone soldiers (unmanned computer controlled) is going on	Research on making computerised drone soldiers (unmanned computer controlled) is going on.	16	30
essay61.txt	2	There is no end to the evolution of computers	There is no end to the evolution of computers.	17	30
essay61.txt	3	Computers have made humans over-dependent	Computers have made humans over-dependent.	19	30
essay61.txt	2	Virus programs, privacy breach, leak of confidential documents, cyber attacks, identity theft, frauds etc. are some of its demerits, from a countless list	Virus programs, privacy breach, leak of confidential documents, cyber attacks, identity theft, frauds etc. are some of its demerits, from a countless list.	20	30
essay61.txt	2	Computers expose children to vulgar materials	Computers expose children to vulgar materials.	21	30
essay61.txt	2	They have even invaded mental health of humans, for example , FAD (Facebook Addiction Disorder- excessive use of social networking website Facebook)	They have even invaded mental health of humans, for example , FAD (Facebook Addiction Disorder- excessive use of social networking website Facebook).	22	30
essay61.txt	2	Computers have intruded our lives to the effect that a satellite can peep into our homes and privates lives	Computers have intruded our lives to the effect that a satellite can peep into our homes and privates lives.	23	30
essay61.txt	2	The recent case of Wikileaks , leaking confidential data is an example of how computers are harmful	The recent case of Wikileaks , leaking confidential data is an example of how computers are harmful.	24	30
essay61.txt	1	dependence on computers is not a bad thing	Thus, dependence on computers is not a bad thing.	26	30
essay61.txt	0	computers.	computers.	0	30
essay61.txt	0	.	.	1	30
essay61.txt	0	use,future prospects and over-dependence.	use,future prospects and over-dependence.	2	30
essay61.txt	0	Computer-a device which has given a whole new dimension to the human life.	Computer-a device which has given a whole new dimension to the human life.	3	30
essay61.txt	0	Ever since Charles Babbage (know as "Father of computers") invented computers, its development never had a pause.	Ever since Charles Babbage (know as "Father of computers") invented computers, its development never had a pause.	4	30
essay61.txt	0	The whole world is dependent on computers, without which, the world will go back hundreds of years.	The whole world is dependent on computers, without which, the world will go back hundreds of years.	5	30
essay61.txt	0	However, everything has pros and cons.	However, everything has pros and cons.	18	30
essay62.txt	3	females should be given equal opportunities as males	The whole world aims for women empowerment, and to achieve this, females should be given equal opportunities as males.	6	23
essay62.txt	2	When universities will accept them in equal number, both genders will be able to nurture their talent	When universities will accept them in equal number, both genders will be able to nurture their talent and a healthy competitive environment will develop.	7	23
essay62.txt	2	Right to education is a basic human right of both, males and females	Right to education is a basic human right of both, males and females.	5	23
essay62.txt	2	The whole world aims for women empowerment	The whole world aims for women empowerment, and to achieve this, females should be given equal opportunities as males.	6	23
essay62.txt	2	a healthy competitive environment will develop	When universities will accept them in equal number, both genders will be able to nurture their talent and a healthy competitive environment will develop.	7	23
essay62.txt	2	Co-education helps both genders to gel well with each other	Co-education helps both genders to gel well with each other.	8	23
essay62.txt	2	Educational rights must be given to both genders	Educational rights must be given to both genders.	22	23
essay62.txt	2	Choice of course should be the discretion of the student and their merit, irrespective of the gender	Choice of course should be the discretion of the student and their merit, irrespective of the gender.	21	23
essay62.txt	2	none of them is superior or inferior	Both genders are the fulcrum of the society and none of them is superior or inferior.	20	23
essay62.txt	2	Both genders are the fulcrum of the society	Both genders are the fulcrum of the society and none of them is superior or inferior.	20	23
essay62.txt	2	Equality in education will help in development of the society	Equality in education will help in development of the society.	19	23
essay62.txt	1	universities should accept them in equal numbers	Thus, I firmly believe that both genders have equal rights and universities should accept them in equal numbers.	18	23
essay62.txt	2	both genders are equally important	However, since both genders are equally important, both must be given equal opportunities.	3	23
essay62.txt	3	Universities must admit both in equal numbers, depending on their choices	Universities must admit both in equal numbers, depending on their choices.	4	23
essay62.txt	2	both must be given equal opportunities	However, since both genders are equally important, both must be given equal opportunities.	3	23
essay62.txt	2	It helps them how to behave and cooperate and work together	It helps them how to behave and cooperate and work together.	9	23
essay62.txt	2	students studying in boy's colleges do not generally know how to talk to a female or behave in front of them	For example, students studying in boy's colleges do not generally know how to talk to a female or behave in front of them.	10	23
essay62.txt	2	females studying in girl's colleges are too shy to face boys	On the other hand, females studying in girl's colleges are too shy to face boys.	11	23
essay62.txt	2	Co-education will help to eradicate this kind of demerit in both	Co-education will help to eradicate this kind of demerit in both.	12	23
essay62.txt	3	Universities giving both genders equal opportunities, will prepare then for future challenges and will help in the long run	Universities giving both genders equal opportunities, will prepare then for future challenges and will help in the long run.	13	23
essay62.txt	3	women are incapable in particular fields, like maths, mechanical engineering, defence etc	Unfortunately, some male chauvinists think that women are incapable in particular fields, like maths, mechanical engineering, defence etc.	14	23
essay62.txt	2	This kind of gender biased approach is detrimental for the development of the society	This kind of gender biased approach is detrimental for the development of the society.	15	23
essay62.txt	2	Time and again, women have proved their mettle in every field	Time and again, women have proved their mettle in every field.	16	23
essay62.txt	2	Women like Margaret Thatcher, Indira Gandhi, Mari Curie etc., are symbols of women's intelligence and skills	Women like Margaret Thatcher, Indira Gandhi, Mari Curie etc., are symbols of women's intelligence and skills.	17	23
essay62.txt	2	both genders have equal rights	Thus, I firmly believe that both genders have equal rights and universities should accept them in equal numbers.	18	23
essay62.txt	0	should universities accept equal number of males/females or not.	should universities accept equal number of males/females or not.	0	23
essay62.txt	0	Education is important for the development of the world.	Education is important for the development of the world.	1	23
essay62.txt	0	Its a debatable issue whether universities should accept equal number of males and females in a course or not.	Its a debatable issue whether universities should accept equal number of males and females in a course or not.	2	23
essay63.txt	1	people are likely to spend less time in cooking food	However, I do think that people are likely to spend less time in cooking food.	3	22
essay63.txt	2	people nowadays just spend one hour to prepare a meal instead of two, even three hours like in the last 10 years	As a result, people nowadays just spend one hour to prepare a meal instead of two, even three hours like in the last 10 years.	6	22
essay63.txt	2	with the development of science and technology, more advanced kitchen facilities, such as the modern microwaves or the advanced pressure cookers, have been created and invented to help people prepare and cook food in a very short time	The first and foremost reason is that with the development of science and technology, more advanced kitchen facilities, such as the modern microwaves or the advanced pressure cookers, have been created and invented to help people prepare and cook food in a very short time.	5	22
essay63.txt	3	it is certain that spending less time on cooking will be the main trend in near future	Thus, it is certain that spending less time on cooking will be the main trend in near future.	9	22
essay63.txt	3	most of young people prefer to have meals at restaurants	Another reason is that most of young people prefer to have meals at restaurants because they want to invest more time in their work or study to improve themselves.	10	22
essay63.txt	2	in recent years, there was a significant increase in the number of people from all walks of life realizing this valueable benefit of those technologies in doing their housework	Actually, in recent years, there was a significant increase in the number of people from all walks of life realizing this valueable benefit of those technologies in doing their housework.	7	22
essay63.txt	2	this figure still continueously go up along with the improvement of science and technology	And this figure still continueously go up along with the improvement of science and technology.	8	22
essay63.txt	2	they find hard to have time to prepare and cook a meal	Thus, they find hard to have time to prepare and cook a meal.	12	22
essay63.txt	2	Even they have some spare time, they prefer to go out with friends to relax and relieve the pressure from work and study	Even they have some spare time, they prefer to go out with friends to relax and relieve the pressure from work and study.	13	22
essay63.txt	3	investing much time in cooking food will guarantee nutrition as well as quality of food for their family	Some people may argue that investing much time in cooking food will guarantee nutrition as well as quality of food for their family.	14	22
essay63.txt	2	using technology or advanced facilities do not make food lose its nutrition and quality	However, as a matter of fact, using technology or advanced facilities do not make food lose its nutrition and quality.	16	22
essay63.txt	2	they want to invest more time in their work or study to improve themselves	Another reason is that most of young people prefer to have meals at restaurants because they want to invest more time in their work or study to improve themselves.	10	22
essay63.txt	2	Even, with the help of ozone machines, bacterias, mold spores, or pesticide in vegetables, fruits and foods will be killed and removed	Even, with the help of ozone machines, bacterias, mold spores, or pesticide in vegetables, fruits and foods will be killed and removed, thus health and life of eaters is assured.	17	22
essay63.txt	2	According to a recent survey, 89% of people have come to think that, since they have been put in the situation which is filled with competitions and pressures, they have to use a lot of time to work hard, to update themselves, to acquire all kinds of skills and so on	According to a recent survey, 89% of people have come to think that, since they have been put in the situation which is filled with competitions and pressures, they have to use a lot of time to work hard, to update themselves, to acquire all kinds of skills and so on.	11	22
essay63.txt	2	health and life of eaters is assured	Even, with the help of ozone machines, bacterias, mold spores, or pesticide in vegetables, fruits and foods will be killed and removed, thus health and life of eaters is assured.	17	22
essay63.txt	2	along with the high living standard, requirements of quality products in almost restaurants, nowadays, are under severe control and supervision by appropriate authorities	Besides, along with the high living standard, requirements of quality products in almost restaurants, nowadays, are under severe control and supervision by appropriate authorities.	18	22
essay63.txt	2	it is quite easy to have a nutritious meal with guaranteed quality, but do not waste a lot of time	Consequently, it is quite easy to have a nutritious meal with guaranteed quality, but do not waste a lot of time.	19	22
essay63.txt	2	it is obviously found that there are many solid reasons to support my viewpoint	To sum up, if all those factors are contemplated, it is obviously found that there are many solid reasons to support my viewpoint.	20	22
essay63.txt	3	people will spend less time in cooking food	So, from what have been discussed above, I strongly affirm the conclusion that people will spend less time in cooking food.	21	22
essay63.txt	0	people will spend less time on cooking food.	people will spend less time on cooking food.	0	22
essay63.txt	0	Perhaps, no issue in this world is as significant to people as cooking food, because it affects everybody in their daily lives.	Perhaps, no issue in this world is as significant to people as cooking food, because it affects everybody in their daily lives.	1	22
essay63.txt	0	Some people hold the opinion that people should spend much time on food.	Some people hold the opinion that people should spend much time on food.	2	22
essay63.txt	0	There are various reasons why I maintain this viewpoint, and among those reasons are two important ones.	There are various reasons why I maintain this viewpoint, and among those reasons are two important ones.	4	22
essay63.txt	0	To some extent, it is true.	To some extent, it is true.	15	22
essay64.txt	1	parents and educators should attach more importance to traditional games	For me, I believe parents and educators should attach more importance to traditional games.	4	18
essay64.txt	2	children have to be proficient at computers and the Internet if they want to join online games, which, in fact, helps children acquire a particularly powerful skill at work in future	This is because children have to be proficient at computers and the Internet if they want to join online games, which, in fact, helps children acquire a particularly powerful skill at work in future.	6	18
essay64.txt	3	modern games may be, to some extent, beneficial for children to foster some skills, such as computer skills or the capacity to keep up with the latest trend	It is true that modern games may be, to some extent, beneficial for children to foster some skills, such as computer skills or the capacity to keep up with the latest trend.	5	18
essay64.txt	2	they foster children's communication skills	One primary merit of traditional games is that they foster children's communication skills.	9	18
essay64.txt	2	Unlike most modern games which focus on the interactions between children and machines, traditional games provide a relaxing and enjoyable atmosphere where children can chat, laugh and cooperate face to face	Unlike most modern games which focus on the interactions between children and machines, traditional games provide a relaxing and enjoyable atmosphere where children can chat, laugh and cooperate face to face.	10	18
essay64.txt	2	children have the chance to experience the state-of-the-art technology, raising their awareness of innovation rather than stay conservative	At the same time, children have the chance to experience the state-of-the-art technology, raising their awareness of innovation rather than stay conservative.	7	18
essay64.txt	3	traditional games are still indispensible in children's learning process, even much more essential than modern games, especially in modern society	However, I think traditional games are still indispensible in children's learning process, even much more essential than modern games, especially in modern society.	8	18
essay64.txt	2	these traditional games were elaborately devised by educators and have been proven effective in improving children's skills on different aspects in previous teaching practices	In fact, these traditional games were elaborately devised by educators and have been proven effective in improving children's skills on different aspects in previous teaching practices.	13	18
essay64.txt	2	modern games are developed by game companies for the purpose of profits	By contrast, modern games are developed by game companies for the purpose of profits.	14	18
essay64.txt	3	there is a risk that children may be exposed to unhealthy contents, such as violence or pornography, arranged in the games by such companies to secure financial survival	Therefore, there is a risk that children may be exposed to unhealthy contents, such as violence or pornography, arranged in the games by such companies to secure financial survival.	15	18
essay64.txt	3	traditional games should be, by no means, ignored by parents and teachers with the advent of modern games	Thus, I would conclude that traditional games should be, by no means, ignored by parents and teachers with the advent of modern games.	16	18
essay64.txt	2	communicating with a variety of people will not be an issue for these children any more	As a result, communicating with a variety of people will not be an issue for these children any more.	11	18
essay64.txt	2	Only through traditional games can children be ensured a positive and healthy skills learning process	Only through traditional games can children be ensured a positive and healthy skills learning process.	17	18
essay64.txt	3	it is the educational functions traditional games hold that keep them alive today	Furthermore, it is the educational functions traditional games hold that keep them alive today.	12	18
essay64.txt	0	Traditional games or modern games in developing children's skills.	Traditional games or modern games in developing children's skills.	0	18
essay64.txt	0	Games have played a key role in children's growth, especially in terms of their abilities.	Games have played a key role in children's growth, especially in terms of their abilities.	1	18
essay64.txt	0	With technological advances, children have more access to modern games currently.	With technological advances, children have more access to modern games currently.	2	18
essay64.txt	0	In such case, the relative importance of traditional games and modern games in children's developments of skills has become a frequent topic of discussion.	In such case, the relative importance of traditional games and modern games in children's developments of skills has become a frequent topic of discussion.	3	18
essay65.txt	3	this proposal is beneficial more to the society	As far as I am concerned, this proposal is beneficial more to the society.	3	16
essay65.txt	2	an uneducated person may barely appreciate musicals	As a matter of fact, an uneducated person may barely appreciate musicals, whereas a physical damaged person, resulting from the lack of medical treatment, may no longer participate in any sports games.	5	16
essay65.txt	3	Taking care of thousands of citizens who suffer from disease or illiteracy is more urgent and pragmatic than building theaters or sports stadiums	Taking care of thousands of citizens who suffer from disease or illiteracy is more urgent and pragmatic than building theaters or sports stadiums.	4	16
essay65.txt	2	Entertaining facilities such as cinemas, theaters and sports stadiums are mostly profit-oriented	Entertaining facilities such as cinemas, theaters and sports stadiums are mostly profit-oriented.	7	16
essay65.txt	2	Their existences are based on their marketing strategies, the condition of facilities and the volume of audience	Their existences are based on their marketing strategies, the condition of facilities and the volume of audience.	8	16
essay65.txt	2	a physical damaged person, resulting from the lack of medical treatment, may no longer participate in any sports games	As a matter of fact, an uneducated person may barely appreciate musicals, whereas a physical damaged person, resulting from the lack of medical treatment, may no longer participate in any sports games.	5	16
essay65.txt	3	providing education and medical care is more essential and prioritized to the government	Therefore, providing education and medical care is more essential and prioritized to the government.	6	16
essay65.txt	2	putting taxpayers' money on building theaters or sports stadiums is unfair to those who cannot use them	Furthermore, putting taxpayers' money on building theaters or sports stadiums is unfair to those who cannot use them.	11	16
essay65.txt	2	not everyone is a fan of watching musicals on the spot	For example, not everyone is a fan of watching musicals on the spot.	12	16
essay65.txt	2	it is a bit inappropriate to use the majority of citizens' tax funds to meet a minority of people's needs	Therefore, it is a bit inappropriate to use the majority of citizens' tax funds to meet a minority of people's needs.	13	16
essay65.txt	3	sectors such as medical care and education deserve more governmental support	That is the reason why sectors such as medical care and education deserve more governmental support, because they are accessed by every individual in our society on a daily basis.	14	16
essay65.txt	3	The competition among each of these facilities is an inevitable part of the free market, which should not be interfered by government	The competition among each of these facilities is an inevitable part of the free market, which should not be interfered by government.	9	16
essay65.txt	2	they are accessed by every individual in our society on a daily basis	That is the reason why sectors such as medical care and education deserve more governmental support, because they are accessed by every individual in our society on a daily basis.	14	16
essay65.txt	3	the establishment of medical facilities or educational institutes is aimed to improve the health or education standard rather than earning profits, which deserves more funds from government	Instead, the establishment of medical facilities or educational institutes is aimed to improve the health or education standard rather than earning profits, which deserves more funds from government.	10	16
essay65.txt	1	budgets should be allocated more on medical care and education rather than on building entertaining facilities	To summarize, I strongly agree that budgets should be allocated more on medical care and education rather than on building entertaining facilities, because the former is more essential, non-profit oriented to the public and can be accessed by the majority of citizens.	15	16
essay65.txt	2	the former is more essential, non-profit oriented to the public and can be accessed by the majority of citizens	To summarize, I strongly agree that budgets should be allocated more on medical care and education rather than on building entertaining facilities, because the former is more essential, non-profit oriented to the public and can be accessed by the majority of citizens.	15	16
essay65.txt	0	government shouldn't put money on building theaters or sports stadiums.	government shouldn't put money on building theaters or sports stadiums.	0	16
essay65.txt	0	How to allocate governmental budget efficiently has always been a hot topic of discussion among the public.	How to allocate governmental budget efficiently has always been a hot topic of discussion among the public.	1	16
essay65.txt	0	Recently, some people argue that government should invest more on medical care and education rather than on entertaining or sports facilities.	Recently, some people argue that government should invest more on medical care and education rather than on entertaining or sports facilities.	2	16
essay66.txt	3	their concern is groundless	However, I believe their concern is groundless.	4	18
essay66.txt	3	technology indeed supports the preservation and promotion of traditional techniques and lifestyles	Therefore, I will conclude that technology indeed supports the preservation and promotion of traditional techniques and lifestyles.	16	18
essay66.txt	1	technology plays a key role in promoting traditional techniques and lifestyles	Instead, technology plays a key role in promoting traditional techniques and lifestyles.	5	18
essay66.txt	2	In the past, only when people went to the local place could they experience the specific traditional lifestyles	In the past, only when people went to the local place could they experience the specific traditional lifestyles.	7	18
essay66.txt	2	This means individuals who were engaged in work and therefore could not spare time to travel or restricted by traffic conditions had to miss the chance to appreciate the traditional skills	This means individuals who were engaged in work and therefore could not spare time to travel or restricted by traffic conditions had to miss the chance to appreciate the traditional skills.	8	18
essay66.txt	2	Only when traditional culture is integrated with the modern technology can it be developed in the long run	Only when traditional culture is integrated with the modern technology can it be developed in the long run.	17	18
essay66.txt	3	In terms of time and space, technology makes it more efficient and effective to promote the traditional skills and ways of life	In terms of time and space, technology makes it more efficient and effective to promote the traditional skills and ways of life.	6	18
essay66.txt	2	China has successfully promoted traditional techniques in the Shanghai World Expo, using a variety of state-of –the-art technological methods, such as robots and LED screens	For example, China has successfully promoted traditional techniques in the Shanghai World Expo, using a variety of state-of –the-art technological methods, such as robots and LED screens.	11	18
essay66.txt	2	many tourists around the world marveled at the perfect synthesis of the modern technology and the traditional culture	In fact, many tourists around the world marveled at the perfect synthesis of the modern technology and the traditional culture.	12	18
essay66.txt	3	technology may have a detrimental effect on the traditional lifestyles	On the other hand, some people are concerned that technology may have a detrimental effect on the traditional lifestyles.	13	18
essay66.txt	2	people, especially youngsters, are crazier about fresh and advanced things, such as digital products, thus becoming indifferent to traditional techniques	They argue that people, especially youngsters, are crazier about fresh and advanced things, such as digital products, thus becoming indifferent to traditional techniques.	14	18
essay66.txt	2	with the access to the Internet, one of the greatest innovations in modern society, humankind can acquire the traditional techniques displayed online anytime, anywhere	However, with the access to the Internet, one of the greatest innovations in modern society, humankind can acquire the traditional techniques displayed online anytime, anywhere.	9	18
essay66.txt	2	people tend to follow the trend back to the tradition in the recent years	But I believe this is not the issue because people tend to follow the trend back to the tradition in the recent years.	15	18
essay66.txt	3	technology enriches the way of displaying traditional cultural heritage, making it more vivid and appealing	Additionally, technology enriches the way of displaying traditional cultural heritage, making it more vivid and appealing.	10	18
essay66.txt	0	Technology keeps traditional skills and ways of life alive or not?	Technology keeps traditional skills and ways of life alive or not?	0	18
essay66.txt	0	Living in the 21st century, people are firmly convinced that technology is the main driving force behind productivity.	Living in the 21st century, people are firmly convinced that technology is the main driving force behind productivity.	1	18
essay66.txt	0	Thus, every country has been promoting technological advances in the recent years, regardless of any potential problems it may bring about.	Thus, every country has been promoting technological advances in the recent years, regardless of any potential problems it may bring about.	2	18
essay66.txt	0	Some people are worried modern technological technology is probably a hurdle to the preservation of traditional techniques and lifestyles.	Some people are worried modern technological technology is probably a hurdle to the preservation of traditional techniques and lifestyles.	3	18
essay67.txt	1	freedom of expressing thoughts and ideas should always be eulogized and it's rather iniquitous to impose a shackle on artists' will to create	It is my personal belief that freedom of expressing thoughts and ideas should always be eulogized and it's rather iniquitous to impose a shackle on artists' will to create.	2	12
essay67.txt	2	art inevitably involves imagination, exaggeration and sometimes is purely fabricated	It is needless to say that art inevitably involves imagination, exaggeration and sometimes is purely fabricated; regardless of whether the work of art is based on truth or not, it is the public's authority to determine how to interpret its meaning.	4	12
essay67.txt	3	the notion of being afraid of social misleading is unjustified	In a word, the notion of being afraid of social misleading is unjustified.	7	12
essay67.txt	3	One of the major concerns against freeing artists' creation derives from the fear of social misleading which would destabilize the society	One of the major concerns against freeing artists' creation derives from the fear of social misleading which would destabilize the society; however, I believe the audiences have their own judgement and are not likely to be misled or influenced by some art work.	3	12
essay67.txt	2	the audiences have their own judgement and are not likely to be misled or influenced by some art work	One of the major concerns against freeing artists' creation derives from the fear of social misleading which would destabilize the society; however, I believe the audiences have their own judgement and are not likely to be misled or influenced by some art work.	3	12
essay67.txt	2	regardless of whether the work of art is based on truth or not, it is the public's authority to determine how to interpret its meaning	It is needless to say that art inevitably involves imagination, exaggeration and sometimes is purely fabricated; regardless of whether the work of art is based on truth or not, it is the public's authority to determine how to interpret its meaning.	4	12
essay67.txt	2	If the art displays unreality, the public audiences certainly have the acumen to recognise its untruthfulness and only appreciate its art value	If the art displays unreality, the public audiences certainly have the acumen to recognise its untruthfulness and only appreciate its art value; if the art reflects the reality, then what would be the intention to ban it if it was not for covering the dirty truth?	5	12
essay67.txt	2	adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents	I absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents; however, in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide – these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art.	10	12
essay67.txt	2	in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide	I absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents; however, in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide – these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art.	10	12
essay67.txt	2	these negative things objectively exist on this planet	I absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents; however, in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide – these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art.	10	12
essay67.txt	2	it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art	I absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents; however, in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide – these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art.	10	12
essay67.txt	2	some of the art work may contain negative implications such as insanity, violence, eroticism etc	It is undeniable that some of the art work may contain negative implications such as insanity, violence, eroticism etc.	9	12
essay67.txt	3	I do not root for the idea that restrictions should be put on artists work	By way of conclusion, I do not root for the idea that restrictions should be put on artists work; on the contrary, they should be encouraged to express their innovative ideas – this world needs them to make itself colourful.	11	12
essay67.txt	3	restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply	I absolutely agree that restrictions on exposure to adolescents should apply as adolescents are not mature enough to avoid being led astray by these contents; however, in the case of adults being the audience, there's really nothing to hide – these negative things objectively exist on this planet and it is impossible for adults to be brain-washed only because of some pieces of creative art.	10	12
essay67.txt	3	they should be encouraged to express their innovative ideas	By way of conclusion, I do not root for the idea that restrictions should be put on artists work; on the contrary, they should be encouraged to express their innovative ideas – this world needs them to make itself colourful.	11	12
essay67.txt	2	this world needs them to make itself colourful	By way of conclusion, I do not root for the idea that restrictions should be put on artists work; on the contrary, they should be encouraged to express their innovative ideas – this world needs them to make itself colourful.	11	12
essay67.txt	0	Creative Artists.	Creative Artists.	0	12
essay67.txt	0	Innovative artists bring enjoyment and inspiration to our sometimes tedious life; however, some people deem that artists have been entrusted with too much freedom and power and should be restricted by the government.	Innovative artists bring enjoyment and inspiration to our sometimes tedious life; however, some people deem that artists have been entrusted with too much freedom and power and should be restricted by the government.	1	12
essay67.txt	0	Would it be autocratic if the government clamp down the artists who are telling the truth?	Would it be autocratic if the government clamp down the artists who are telling the truth?	6	12
essay67.txt	0	Let's then take a look at the impact that art has posed on individuals.	Let's then take a look at the impact that art has posed on individuals.	8	12
essay68.txt	1	it is time for the government to take action to control the proliferation of violent scenes in media	The soaring crime rate has led to the proposal that it is time for the government to take action to control the proliferation of violent scenes in media.	1	13
essay68.txt	3	What the government should do immediately is to strengthen censorship to control the amount of violence in media	What the government should do immediately is to strengthen censorship to control the amount of violence in media.	11	13
essay68.txt	2	our society is occupied with the violent scenes and plots at present	We cannot deny that our society is occupied with the violent scenes and plots at present.	10	13
essay68.txt	2	they regard the violence as reasonable and justifiable	This will definitely set a bad example for the immature audiences who, lacking correct parental guidance and abilities to differentiate the right from wrong, are prone to go astray by imitating the violent behaviours and committing real violent crimes as they regard the violence as reasonable and justifiable.	3	13
essay68.txt	2	violence in the media is often portrayed as extreme as possible in order to attract audiences	Obviously, violence in the media is often portrayed as extreme as possible in order to attract audiences.	2	13
essay68.txt	2	the violent crime rate will rise continuously and out of control someday	Otherwise, the violent crime rate will rise continuously and out of control someday.	12	13
essay68.txt	3	This will definitely set a bad example for the immature audiences who, lacking correct parental guidance and abilities to differentiate the right from wrong, are prone to go astray by imitating the violent behaviours and committing real violent crimes	This will definitely set a bad example for the immature audiences who, lacking correct parental guidance and abilities to differentiate the right from wrong, are prone to go astray by imitating the violent behaviours and committing real violent crimes as they regard the violence as reasonable and justifiable.	3	13
essay68.txt	2	It should be reporting and reflecting true phenomenon in the society	It should be reporting and reflecting true phenomenon in the society.	5	13
essay68.txt	3	excessive violence would offer misleading information to the public and exert detrimental influence to the society as well	However, excessive violence would offer misleading information to the public and exert detrimental influence to the society as well.	7	13
essay68.txt	2	It is recently reported in the news that a seventeen-year-old boy killed all his family members, one sister and two parents out of hatred and jealousy	It is recently reported in the news that a seventeen-year-old boy killed all his family members, one sister and two parents out of hatred and jealousy.	8	13
essay68.txt	2	we are inclined to take extreme approach to tackle a small problem due to excessive violence exposure	In the real world, we are inclined to take extreme approach to tackle a small problem due to excessive violence exposure.	9	13
essay68.txt	2	Violence, as one of the facts in the real world, certainly has to be reported	Violence, as one of the facts in the real world, certainly has to be reported.	6	13
essay68.txt	2	media, such as TV or film, is considered as the correct information source regulated by the government	On the other hand, media, such as TV or film, is considered as the correct information source regulated by the government.	4	13
essay68.txt	0	should goverment control media crime.	should goverment control media crime.	0	13
essay69.txt	3	This, contrary to some ideas, is a positive progress in human society	This, contrary to some ideas, is a positive progress in human society from my point of view.	3	15
essay69.txt	2	Gone are the days when women could do nothing rather than stick to boring house work and take care of children	Gone are the days when women could do nothing rather than stick to boring house work and take care of children.	5	15
essay69.txt	3	the fairness between males and females is inevitable in such a developed society	To start with, the fairness between males and females is inevitable in such a developed society.	4	15
essay69.txt	2	the "weaker" gender as often be thought has enough right as well as ability to contribute to the development of human beings just like any other men	This is to say, the "weaker" gender as often be thought has enough right as well as ability to contribute to the development of human beings just like any other men, not to mention they even perform better in some fields.	7	15
essay69.txt	2	they even perform better in some fields	This is to say, the "weaker" gender as often be thought has enough right as well as ability to contribute to the development of human beings just like any other men, not to mention they even perform better in some fields.	7	15
essay69.txt	2	Women nowadays are much more active	Women nowadays are much more active, they may be successful businessmen, they join the political world, they become scientists and so on.	6	15
essay69.txt	2	they may be successful businessmen, they join the political world, they become scientists and so on	Women nowadays are much more active, they may be successful businessmen, they join the political world, they become scientists and so on.	6	15
essay69.txt	2	women have the outstanding instinct to take up some careers lie healthcare or human resource management due to their patience and elaboration	What is more, women have the outstanding instinct to take up some careers lie healthcare or human resource management due to their patience and elaboration.	10	15
essay69.txt	3	women should find the best way to overcome such challenges	Yet everything has it upside and downside, women should find the best way to overcome such challenges.	13	15
essay69.txt	2	under many circumstances, women find it difficult to balance their work and their traditional role as the wives	Admittedly, such changes do lead to some negative results like an upward trend in divorce rate or, under many circumstances, women find it difficult to balance their work and their traditional role as the wives.	11	15
essay69.txt	2	children might enjoy less care from parents as they arre both busy with theit work	Also, children might enjoy less care from parents as they arre both busy with theit work.	12	15
essay69.txt	3	the revolution in females' right has brought about many benefits not only to themselves but society as well	In the second place, the revolution in females' right has brought about many benefits not only to themselves but society as well.	8	15
essay69.txt	2	everything has it upside and downside	Yet everything has it upside and downside, women should find the best way to overcome such challenges.	13	15
essay69.txt	2	The financial burden of families, for instance, has decreased significantly with both the wives and the husbands working to earn money	The financial burden of families, for instance, has decreased significantly with both the wives and the husbands working to earn money.	9	15
essay69.txt	3	such changes do lead to some negative results like an upward trend in divorce rate	Admittedly, such changes do lead to some negative results like an upward trend in divorce rate or, under many circumstances, women find it difficult to balance their work and their traditional role as the wives.	11	15
essay69.txt	1	in a society where females are given equal opportunities compared with males would obviously enjoy lots of benefits far outweighing its obstacles	All things considered, in a society where females are given equal opportunities compared with males would obviously enjoy lots of benefits far outweighing its obstacles.	14	15
essay69.txt	0	Nowadays there are more opportunities for women than there were in the past.	Nowadays there are more opportunities for women than there were in the past.	0	15
essay69.txt	0	The modern times have witnessed profound changes in most aspects of life, including the revolution of feminism.	The modern times have witnessed profound changes in most aspects of life, including the revolution of feminism.	1	15
essay69.txt	0	Women have been opened up to more chances than ever.	Women have been opened up to more chances than ever.	2	15
essay70.txt	2	the impacts for those pollution and traffic issues are extremely far-reaching	As the impacts for those pollution and traffic issues are extremely far-reaching, it is insufficient to increase the petrol price only to solve problems, though it is a promising method discussed in the contemporary society.	3	15
essay70.txt	2	it is a promising method	As the impacts for those pollution and traffic issues are extremely far-reaching, it is insufficient to increase the petrol price only to solve problems, though it is a promising method discussed in the contemporary society.	3	15
essay70.txt	3	it is insufficient to increase the petrol price only to solve problems	As the impacts for those pollution and traffic issues are extremely far-reaching, it is insufficient to increase the petrol price only to solve problems, though it is a promising method discussed in the contemporary society.	3	15
essay70.txt	2	pollutions are not just caused by the burning of oil, chemical pollutants, extra lights, also constitute considerable amount of pollution	On the other hand, pollutions are not just caused by the burning of oil, chemical pollutants, extra lights, also constitute considerable amount of pollution.	7	15
essay70.txt	2	the improvements of work efficiency also attribute to the speed-up of working pace, resulting in traffic jams during rush-hours	In addition, the improvements of work efficiency also attribute to the speed-up of working pace, resulting in traffic jams during rush-hours.	8	15
essay70.txt	2	governments have a macro-economic perspective to control price in various areas according to social demands	On one hand, governments have a macro-economic perspective to control price in various areas according to social demands.	5	15
essay70.txt	3	it seems not easy to increase petrol price instantly	Consequently, it seems not easy to increase petrol price instantly.	6	15
essay70.txt	2	temporarily targets should be set, with regard to the limitations of pollutants in a certain period of time, for example, a season	Furthermore, temporarily targets should be set, with regard to the limitations of pollutants in a certain period of time, for example, a season.	11	15
essay70.txt	2	with supervisory institutions built to find and address problems	Plus with supervisory institutions built to find and address problems.	12	15
essay70.txt	2	cultivating a sense of environmental protection would also work out	Meanwhile, cultivating a sense of environmental protection would also work out, though it might not be into effect immediately, but in the long run, it would be a wise choice.	13	15
essay70.txt	2	it might not be into effect immediately	Meanwhile, cultivating a sense of environmental protection would also work out, though it might not be into effect immediately, but in the long run, it would be a wise choice.	13	15
essay70.txt	3	several other solutions can be introduced to assist in reducing pollution and traffic problems	As illustrated before, several other solutions can be introduced to assist in reducing pollution and traffic problems.	9	15
essay70.txt	2	in the long run, it would be a wise choice	Meanwhile, cultivating a sense of environmental protection would also work out, though it might not be into effect immediately, but in the long run, it would be a wise choice.	13	15
essay70.txt	2	authorities should spare no efforts in improving public transportation facilities, such as constructing more bus lines, in order to reducing the usage of private cars	Primarily, authorities should spare no efforts in improving public transportation facilities, such as constructing more bus lines, in order to reducing the usage of private cars.	10	15
essay70.txt	1	addressing pollution and traffic issues only by increasing oil price Is not adequate	In conclusion, addressing pollution and traffic issues only by increasing oil price Is not adequate, while improving transportation facilities and building supervisory institution would be preferable, plus with the awareness of environmental protection being raised.	14	15
essay70.txt	2	improving transportation facilities and building supervisory institution would be preferable, plus with the awareness of environmental protection being raised	In conclusion, addressing pollution and traffic issues only by increasing oil price Is not adequate, while improving transportation facilities and building supervisory institution would be preferable, plus with the awareness of environmental protection being raised.	14	15
essay70.txt	0	Growing traffic & pollution can be controlled by increasing petrol prices.	Growing traffic & pollution can be controlled by increasing petrol prices.	0	15
essay70.txt	0	As we read newspapers or watch TV, we have always been attracted by environmental problems such as traffic issues, air and water pollution questions.	As we read newspapers or watch TV, we have always been attracted by environmental problems such as traffic issues, air and water pollution questions.	1	15
essay70.txt	0	Initiatives should be taken to address the specific problems.	Initiatives should be taken to address the specific problems.	2	15
essay70.txt	0	Specifically, price control institution has been used in plenty of social areas, for example, in the farming products and in the real estate area; however, whether it can work out for alleviating traffic and pollution pressure ought to be evaluated.	Specifically, price control institution has been used in plenty of social areas, for example, in the farming products and in the real estate area; however, whether it can work out for alleviating traffic and pollution pressure ought to be evaluated.	4	15
essay71.txt	2	A recent study shows that after launching an advertising campaign, the sales revenue would increase by 40%, which is the very fact to verify its positive influences on economic	A recent study shows that after launching an advertising campaign, the sales revenue would increase by 40%, which is the very fact to verify its positive influences on economic.	8	15
essay71.txt	3	That is not to say, however, that advertisements have no downsides	That is not to say, however, that advertisements have no downsides.	9	15
essay71.txt	2	publicizing brand image or a particular product of mass media could boost sales for companies	Besides, it is obvious that publicizing brand image or a particular product of mass media could boost sales for companies.	6	15
essay71.txt	2	its merits still outweigh these downsides	Yet, its merits still outweigh these downsides.	11	15
essay71.txt	3	it could simulate household spending and therefore promote the economic development of the whole country	In a larger sense, it could simulate household spending and therefore promote the economic development of the whole country.	7	15
essay71.txt	3	advertisements have its social responsibility and contribute to economic growth	Taken all together, advertisements have its social responsibility and contribute to economic growth.	12	15
essay71.txt	3	if those with exaggerated and fake information could be banned, advertisements would be welcomed by more	However, if those with exaggerated and fake information could be banned, advertisements would be welcomed by more.	14	15
essay71.txt	2	the advertising expenses lead to a higher product price	Of course, the advertising expenses lead to a higher product price and some of them express fake information, creating information asymmetry between consumers and companies.	10	15
essay71.txt	2	some of them express fake information, creating information asymmetry between consumers and companies	Of course, the advertising expenses lead to a higher product price and some of them express fake information, creating information asymmetry between consumers and companies.	10	15
essay71.txt	1	we can not overlook other merits the advertisements bring	My view is that while some of them are disturbing, we can not overlook other merits the advertisements bring.	3	15
essay71.txt	2	they are not in the purpose of making profits but taking a role of disseminating valued culture, good moral traits and calling for helps for the disabled and the poor	In fact, they are not in the purpose of making profits but taking a role of disseminating valued culture, good moral traits and calling for helps for the disabled and the poor.	5	15
essay71.txt	3	it is unfair to restrict those public service advertisements which are creative and inspiring	First, it is unfair to restrict those public service advertisements which are creative and inspiring.	4	15
essay71.txt	0	should all the advertisements be banned?	should all the advertisements be banned?	0	15
essay71.txt	0	Never in history was advertising industry so developed as in modern society and it has led to some adverse sentiments in public because some deliver exaggerated and fake information.	Never in history was advertising industry so developed as in modern society and it has led to some adverse sentiments in public because some deliver exaggerated and fake information.	1	15
essay71.txt	0	Hence whether we should ban all the advertisements or not has aroused much controversy of the public.	Hence whether we should ban all the advertisements or not has aroused much controversy of the public.	2	15
essay71.txt	0	We can not deny all of them.	We can not deny all of them.	13	15
essay72.txt	3	I disagree to the aforementioned resolution	In my opinion, I disagree to the aforementioned resolution due to the reasons that I will put forward below.	5	22
essay72.txt	2	once they return to the society, they tend to relapse and get involved in drugs again	Nevertheless, once they return to the society, they tend to relapse and get involved in drugs again.	7	22
essay72.txt	3	some of the addicts do turn over a new leaf at the prison	First of all, I do agree that some of the addicts do turn over a new leaf at the prison.	6	22
essay72.txt	2	if the addicts are sent to rehabilitation centres, they will treated for their addiction	Instead, if the addicts are sent to rehabilitation centres, they will treated for their addiction.	10	22
essay72.txt	2	counselors can provide them with counseling and motivation to help them build a new life	On top of that, counselors can provide them with counseling and motivation to help them build a new life.	11	22
essay72.txt	2	in the prisons, there would not be any programs or talks that can enlighten and transform them as well as change their perspectives towards drugs	This is because, in the prisons, there would not be any programs or talks that can enlighten and transform them as well as change their perspectives towards drugs.	8	22
essay72.txt	2	all the efforts of putting them behind bars are simply in vain	As such, all the efforts of putting them behind bars are simply in vain.	9	22
essay72.txt	2	this is mainly due to the society not accepting the prisoners as a part of them	Nonetheless, I believe that this is mainly due to the society not accepting the prisoners as a part of them.	13	22
essay72.txt	2	If only the society or the people surrounding the addicts give them a second chance, I am sure that they will never abuse drugs once more	If only the society or the people surrounding the addicts give them a second chance, I am sure that they will never abuse drugs once more.	14	22
essay72.txt	2	The support alone is not sufficient	The support alone is not sufficient.	15	22
essay72.txt	2	They can also report to the concerned parties about any misuse of drugs at the residential areas	They can also report to the concerned parties about any misuse of drugs at the residential areas.	16	22
essay72.txt	3	with more public awareness, drug abuse can be certainly be reduced and eventually brought to a halt without having to put the addicts into jail	Thus, with more public awareness, drug abuse can be certainly be reduced and eventually brought to a halt without having to put the addicts into jail.	17	22
essay72.txt	2	Everyone of us deserves a second chance in life	Everyone of us deserves a second chance in life.	18	22
essay72.txt	2	if the drug addicts are not given intense punishment, they will not change and continue to misuse drugs	On the other hand, some argue that if the drug addicts are not given intense punishment, they will not change and continue to misuse drugs.	12	22
essay72.txt	2	we are human beings and we learn from our mistakes	After all, we are human beings and we learn from our mistakes.	19	22
essay72.txt	3	the society should allow leniency for people to experiment and learn, as long as it is on their own expenses	Referring to the consequentalist theory, the society should allow leniency for people to experiment and learn, as long as it is on their own expenses.	20	22
essay72.txt	1	sending the drug addicts to rehabilitation centres acts as a beacon of hope for the affected individuals and is also a crucial step in helping them redeem their lives and rejuvenate their lost hopes for a better future rather than sending them to prison	To put it in a nutshell, I believe that sending the drug addicts to rehabilitation centres acts as a beacon of hope for the affected individuals and is also a crucial step in helping them redeem their lives and rejuvenate their lost hopes for a better future rather than sending them to prison.	21	22
essay72.txt	0	Those who use drugs should be automatically sentenced to time in prison.	Those who use drugs should be automatically sentenced to time in prison.	0	22
essay72.txt	0	Today, we no longer fear any contagious diseases, kudos to modern technology and medical advancement.	Today, we no longer fear any contagious diseases, kudos to modern technology and medical advancement.	1	22
essay72.txt	0	However, it is the contagious behaviors such as addiction and the wrong abuse of drugs that continue to terrorize our society, especially the young ones.	However, it is the contagious behaviors such as addiction and the wrong abuse of drugs that continue to terrorize our society, especially the young ones.	2	22
essay72.txt	0	It is undeniable that drug addiction is indeed on the rise and effective solutions must be taken in order to trim down the number of drug addicts.	It is undeniable that drug addiction is indeed on the rise and effective solutions must be taken in order to trim down the number of drug addicts.	3	22
essay72.txt	0	Some suggest that it would be better if those caught red-handed using drugs be imprisoned.	Some suggest that it would be better if those caught red-handed using drugs be imprisoned.	4	22
essay73.txt	2	the importance of written word can never be denied	Nevertheless, the importance of written word can never be denied as it is also another way of communication that is commonly used.	3	18
essay73.txt	1	I agree only to certain degree that in today's world, image serves as a more effective means of communication	Hence, I agree only to certain degree that in today's world, image serves as a more effective means of communication.	4	18
essay73.txt	2	it is also another way of communication that is commonly used	Nevertheless, the importance of written word can never be denied as it is also another way of communication that is commonly used.	3	18
essay73.txt	2	statistics show a slight reduction in the number of smokers, indicating that they realize the effects of the negative habit	As a result, statistics show a slight reduction in the number of smokers, indicating that they realize the effects of the negative habit.	7	18
essay73.txt	2	the magnificent photograph captured by Kevin Carter, which portrayed a starving Sudanese child struck by extreme poverty has successfully highlighted the plight faced by the citizens in Sudan	Not only that, the magnificent photograph captured by Kevin Carter, which portrayed a starving Sudanese child struck by extreme poverty has successfully highlighted the plight faced by the citizens in Sudan.	8	18
essay73.txt	3	pictures can influence the way people think	Firstly, pictures can influence the way people think.	5	18
essay73.txt	2	nowadays horrendous images are displayed on the cigarette boxes to illustrate the consequences of smoking	For example, nowadays horrendous images are displayed on the cigarette boxes to illustrate the consequences of smoking.	6	18
essay73.txt	3	written words are also vital in order to spread across certain messages	Looking from another perspective, written words are also vital in order to spread across certain messages.	11	18
essay73.txt	2	With only pictures, everyone is left to their own interpretation on how they perceive the images	With only pictures, everyone is left to their own interpretation on how they perceive the images.	12	18
essay73.txt	2	this is different when words are used to explain what the illustration is about	Nonetheless, this is different when words are used to explain what the illustration is about.	13	18
essay73.txt	2	the primary way of educating students is also by this way	Furthermore, the primary way of educating students is also by this way.	14	18
essay73.txt	2	images are also widely used in newspapers, magazines and advertisements	Apart from that, images are also widely used in newspapers, magazines and advertisements.	9	18
essay73.txt	2	Academic textbooks these days are laden with words besides pictures to guide the readers to comprehend better	Academic textbooks these days are laden with words besides pictures to guide the readers to comprehend better.	15	18
essay73.txt	3	images in the absence of words can obviously claim the attraction of many	Thus, it is undeniable that images in the absence of words can obviously claim the attraction of many.	10	18
essay73.txt	2	both images and words go hand in hand and one cannot wholly emphasise on only one aspect, either images or words	To conclude, both images and words go hand in hand and one cannot wholly emphasise on only one aspect, either images or words.	16	18
essay73.txt	3	for a more meaningful communication, these two elements have their respective roles to play: image to exemplify and words to describe a particular subject	Hence, for a more meaningful communication, these two elements have their respective roles to play: image to exemplify and words to describe a particular subject.	17	18
essay73.txt	0	Is image more powerful than the written word?	Is image more powerful than the written word?	0	18
essay73.txt	0	"A picture is worth a thousand words" is a popular maxim that is being used for a very long time.	"A picture is worth a thousand words" is a popular maxim that is being used for a very long time.	1	18
essay73.txt	0	This strongly depicts the power of images in conveying messages, ideas, or opinions to people.	This strongly depicts the power of images in conveying messages, ideas, or opinions to people.	2	18
essay74.txt	3	there are some drawbacks from saving minority languages	On the other hand, there are some drawbacks from saving minority languages.	10	18
essay74.txt	2	there are a few people, particularly the youngsters, do not pay attention on collecting and studying those	As evidence of this, there are a few people, particularly the youngsters, do not pay attention on collecting and studying those.	12	18
essay74.txt	3	Governments should spend money on keeping and preserving these things for the rich diversity of cultures which make our world more interesting	Governments should spend money on keeping and preserving these things for the rich diversity of cultures which make our world more interesting.	8	18
essay74.txt	2	If they do not try their best, their protection can be halted and waste of money	If they do not try their best, their protection can be halted and waste of money.	15	18
essay74.txt	2	it is a pride of the country with a rage of culture which is easy to educate people to love their country more	What is more, it is a pride of the country with a rage of culture which is easy to educate people to love their country more.	9	18
essay74.txt	1	all languages should be preserved and developed as much as possible	In a nutshell, I am convinced that all languages should be preserved and developed as much as possible.	16	18
essay74.txt	3	All people should give a hand to do this better and governments play a vital role on encouraging and distributing those	All people should give a hand to do this better and governments play a vital role on encouraging and distributing those.	17	18
essay74.txt	2	These kinds of languages are usually difficult and unpopular	These kinds of languages are usually difficult and unpopular.	13	18
essay74.txt	2	the preservations need a long time to gather, restore all information as well as train in the educational centre	In addition, the preservations need a long time to gather, restore all information as well as train in the educational centre.	14	18
essay74.txt	2	languages, especially oral language, are a quite major part of culture of a country	First and foremost, it is easy to realize that languages, especially oral language, are a quite major part of culture of a country.	5	18
essay74.txt	2	The clearance of minority of language means that a national traditional, customs and habitants do not exist	The clearance of minority of language means that a national traditional, customs and habitants do not exist.	7	18
essay74.txt	2	It helps people distinguish between nations and even regions in a country	It helps people distinguish between nations and even regions in a country.	6	18
essay74.txt	0	Several languages are in danger of extinction.	Several languages are in danger of extinction.	0	18
essay74.txt	0	It is certainly true that some languages are disappearing day by day over the world.	It is certainly true that some languages are disappearing day by day over the world.	1	18
essay74.txt	0	Some people, therefore, harbour a view saying that governments should preserve those by spending some budgets on them.	Some people, therefore, harbour a view saying that governments should preserve those by spending some budgets on them.	2	18
essay74.txt	0	But the others do not believe it is possible.	But the others do not believe it is possible.	3	18
essay74.txt	0	In my opinion, this viewpoint needs to be examined thoroughly and this essay will discuss this issue.	In my opinion, this viewpoint needs to be examined thoroughly and this essay will discuss this issue.	4	18
essay74.txt	0	Although governments invest money on doing that, it is hard to gain the good results.	Although governments invest money on doing that, it is hard to gain the good results.	11	18
essay75.txt	2	In order to make people better off, it is more urgent for governments to commit money to some fundamental help such as setting more scholarships in education section for all citizens	In order to make people better off, it is more urgent for governments to commit money to some fundamental help such as setting more scholarships in education section for all citizens.	3	9
essay75.txt	2	knowledge and wisdom is the guarantee of the enhancement of the quality of people's lives for a well-rounded social system	This is simply because knowledge and wisdom is the guarantee of the enhancement of the quality of people's lives for a well-rounded social system.	4	9
essay75.txt	2	art could play an active role in improving the quality of people's lives	To conclude, art could play an active role in improving the quality of people's lives, but I think that governments should attach heavier weight to other social issues such as education and housing needs because those are the most essential ways enable to make people a decent life.	8	9
essay75.txt	2	it is unrealistic to pursuit of this high standard of life in many developing countries, in which the basic housing supply has still been a huge problem with plenty of lower income family have squeezed in a small tight room	However, it is unrealistic to pursuit of this high standard of life in many developing countries, in which the basic housing supply has still been a huge problem with plenty of lower income family have squeezed in a small tight room.	6	9
essay75.txt	3	Art is not the key determination of quality of life, but education is	Art is not the key determination of quality of life, but education is.	2	9
essay75.txt	2	the pursuit of art seems unimportant at all	By comparison to these issues, the pursuit of art seems unimportant at all.	7	9
essay75.txt	3	art, to some extent, serve a valuable function about enriching one's daily lives	Admittedly, art, to some extent, serve a valuable function about enriching one's daily lives, for example, it could bring release one's heavy burden of study pressure and refresh human bodies through a hard day from work.	5	9
essay75.txt	2	it could bring release one's heavy burden of study pressure and refresh human bodies through a hard day from work	Admittedly, art, to some extent, serve a valuable function about enriching one's daily lives, for example, it could bring release one's heavy burden of study pressure and refresh human bodies through a hard day from work.	5	9
essay75.txt	1	government should give priorities to invest more money on the basic social welfares such as education and housing instead of subsidizing arts relative programs	My view is that the government should give priorities to invest more money on the basic social welfares such as education and housing instead of subsidizing arts relative programs.	1	9
essay75.txt	2	those are the most essential ways enable to make people a decent life	To conclude, art could play an active role in improving the quality of people's lives, but I think that governments should attach heavier weight to other social issues such as education and housing needs because those are the most essential ways enable to make people a decent life.	8	9
essay75.txt	3	governments should attach heavier weight to other social issues such as education and housing needs	To conclude, art could play an active role in improving the quality of people's lives, but I think that governments should attach heavier weight to other social issues such as education and housing needs because those are the most essential ways enable to make people a decent life.	8	9
essay75.txt	0	Do arts and music improve the quality of life?	Do arts and music improve the quality of life?	0	9
essay76.txt	2	If citizens had no access to health care and education, their physical health and psychological soundness would be at risk	If citizens had no access to health care and education, their physical health and psychological soundness would be at risk.	5	14
essay76.txt	2	such people might fail to get cured in time, thus influencing their working efficiency, which would destabilize the production of the industry	As a result, such people might fail to get cured in time, thus influencing their working efficiency, which would destabilize the production of the industry.	6	14
essay76.txt	3	it is the government that should be obligated to fund the health care and education for citizens	Some people argue that it is the government that should be obligated to fund the health care and education for citizens.	3	14
essay76.txt	3	it is a waste of public money for the government to subsidize health care and education of each citizen in society	On the other hand, some people oppose the argument, saying it is a waste of public money for the government to subsidize health care and education of each citizen in society, since a great number of people, in fact, have had the capacity to pay for the both privately.	9	14
essay76.txt	2	citizens enjoy the right to live in a harmonious and stable environment, which should be enabled by the government, the leader of the society	This is because citizens enjoy the right to live in a harmonious and stable environment, which should be enabled by the government, the leader of the society.	4	14
essay76.txt	2	a great number of people, in fact, have had the capacity to pay for the both privately	On the other hand, some people oppose the argument, saying it is a waste of public money for the government to subsidize health care and education of each citizen in society, since a great number of people, in fact, have had the capacity to pay for the both privately.	9	14
essay76.txt	2	the government should give priority to more pressing problems related to social members' wellbeing, such as soaring crime rate, AIDS epidemic or the shortage of infrastructure, which are requiring financial resources from the government to address	Instead, the government should give priority to more pressing problems related to social members' wellbeing, such as soaring crime rate, AIDS epidemic or the shortage of infrastructure, which are requiring financial resources from the government to address.	10	14
essay76.txt	2	without sufficient guidance of teachers, these citizens might misbehave or even commit crimes, posing a threat to other citizens' security	Also, without sufficient guidance of teachers, these citizens might misbehave or even commit crimes, posing a threat to other citizens' security.	7	14
essay76.txt	3	the government should be accountable for citizens' health care and education to keep society safe and stable	Therefore, the government should be accountable for citizens' health care and education to keep society safe and stable.	8	14
essay76.txt	1	government should fund the deprived for their health care and education	Personally, I think the government should fund the deprived for their health care and education, who are the group in real need for the authority's help.	11	14
essay76.txt	2	the harmonious society calls for the joint efforts of the government and citizens	After all, the harmonious society calls for the joint efforts of the government and citizens.	13	14
essay76.txt	3	citizens available for the both should encourage the government to allocate money to more urgent areas	At the same time, citizens available for the both should encourage the government to allocate money to more urgent areas.	12	14
essay76.txt	0	Government should be responsible for education and health care or not?	Government should be responsible for education and health care or not?	0	14
essay76.txt	0	Despite the development of modern society, the health care and education still remain the basic rights of citizens.	Despite the development of modern society, the health care and education still remain the basic rights of citizens.	1	14
essay76.txt	0	And a much debated issue these days is whether or not the government should be responsible for citizens' health care and education.	And a much debated issue these days is whether or not the government should be responsible for citizens' health care and education.	2	14
essay77.txt	1	zoos have irreplaceable benefits	I would not go along with their viewpoint as zoos have irreplaceable benefits in terms of animal preservation and children education.	3	17
essay77.txt	3	What the zoos should do is improvement of the management system and use the income wisely in preserving wild animals better	What the zoos should do is improvement of the management system and use the income wisely in preserving wild animals better.	16	17
essay77.txt	3	In order to protect animals, from my perspective, zoos offer a good man-made environment which could prolong the life span of wild animals and cultivate the notion of protecting animals	In order to protect animals, from my perspective, zoos offer a good man-made environment which could prolong the life span of wild animals and cultivate the notion of protecting animals.	15	17
essay77.txt	2	Once the animal got sick, professional vet will help them promptly	Once the animal got sick, professional vet will help them promptly.	6	17
essay77.txt	2	Thanks to the considerate care, the diversity of wild animal could be guaranteed	Thanks to the considerate care, the diversity of wild animal could be guaranteed.	7	17
essay77.txt	3	zoo is a good alternative choice for protecting animals	In contrast, zoo is a good alternative choice for protecting animals as various animals could be better protected by specialized staff.	5	17
essay77.txt	2	various animals could be better protected by specialized staff	In contrast, zoo is a good alternative choice for protecting animals as various animals could be better protected by specialized staff.	5	17
essay77.txt	2	In the zoos, even though wild animals are caged, they have capability to walk in a limited area	In the zoos, even though wild animals are caged, they have capability to walk in a limited area.	9	17
essay77.txt	2	When children pay a visit to the zoos, they still could observe the eating behavior or leisure activities among animals, which would definitely enrich their knowledge associated with different animals	When children pay a visit to the zoos, they still could observe the eating behavior or leisure activities among animals, which would definitely enrich their knowledge associated with different animals.	10	17
essay77.txt	2	children could acquire the information regarding how to protect wild animals according to guided tour or volunteers	Further, children could acquire the information regarding how to protect wild animals according to guided tour or volunteers.	11	17
essay77.txt	3	some zoos are lack of systematic management	It is true that some zoos are lack of systematic management which attributes to numerous wild animals die because of food shortage.	13	17
essay77.txt	2	our environment is damaged day by day due to the fact that excessive pursuit of economic development at expense of eco-system, which pose a great threat to the survival of wild animals	There is no denying that our environment is damaged day by day due to the fact that excessive pursuit of economic development at expense of eco-system, which pose a great threat to the survival of wild animals.	4	17
essay77.txt	2	numerous wild animals die because of food shortage	It is true that some zoos are lack of systematic management which attributes to numerous wild animals die because of food shortage.	13	17
essay77.txt	3	zoos afford a platform to education teenagers, helping to establish eco-friendly behavior towards animals	Additionally, zoos afford a platform to education teenagers, helping to establish eco-friendly behavior towards animals.	8	17
essay77.txt	2	being caged in the zoos for long render wildlife lost the ability to survive in nature where is full of cruel competition among various animals	Also, being caged in the zoos for long render wildlife lost the ability to survive in nature where is full of cruel competition among various animals.	14	17
essay77.txt	0	zoos should be banned.	zoos should be banned.	0	17
essay77.txt	0	Children tend to visit zoos where various kinds of wild creatures could be seen.	Children tend to visit zoos where various kinds of wild creatures could be seen.	1	17
essay77.txt	0	When it comes to whether zoos should exist on contemporary society, animal-right activists strongly recommended that wildlife belong to natural environment and zoos should be banned.	When it comes to whether zoos should exist on contemporary society, animal-right activists strongly recommended that wildlife belong to natural environment and zoos should be banned.	2	17
essay77.txt	0	On the other hand, complained about the drawbacks of zoos are often heard.	On the other hand, complained about the drawbacks of zoos are often heard.	12	17
essay78.txt	1	flourishing economies can go hand in hand with environmental preservation	From my perspective, I think flourishing economies can go hand in hand with environmental preservation.	3	18
essay78.txt	3	the developed countries should support the underdeveloped areas by providing financial resources, technologies and experience	On the other hand, I suppose the developed countries should support the underdeveloped areas by providing financial resources, technologies and experience so that the environmental problems can be effectively alleviated in these areas.	17	18
essay78.txt	3	thriving economies and the preservation of ecosystems can be promoted simultaneously	Therefore, I would conclude that thriving economies and the preservation of ecosystems can be promoted simultaneously.	16	18
essay78.txt	2	they have to rely on natural resources to maintain their living standards	As these needy countries lack adequate financial and human resources, advanced technologies and experience, they have to rely on natural resources to maintain their living standards.	5	18
essay78.txt	2	people in the poverty-stricken areas are not likely to be equipped with knowledge to preserve the ecosystems	Besides, people in the poverty-stricken areas are not likely to be equipped with knowledge to preserve the ecosystems.	6	18
essay78.txt	2	the environmental problems can be effectively alleviated in these areas	On the other hand, I suppose the developed countries should support the underdeveloped areas by providing financial resources, technologies and experience so that the environmental problems can be effectively alleviated in these areas.	17	18
essay78.txt	2	these needy countries lack adequate financial and human resources, advanced technologies and experience	As these needy countries lack adequate financial and human resources, advanced technologies and experience, they have to rely on natural resources to maintain their living standards.	5	18
essay78.txt	2	With people raising their awareness of the green economy, the products free of pollutants are increasingly prevalent among clients, which means eco-friendly businesses can make a favourable impression on customers today, triggering sales	With people raising their awareness of the green economy, the products free of pollutants are increasingly prevalent among clients, which means eco-friendly businesses can make a favourable impression on customers today, triggering sales.	10	18
essay78.txt	2	electronic bicycles powered by clean energy resources have been well received among people in recent years	For example, electronic bicycles powered by clean energy resources have been well received among people in recent years.	11	18
essay78.txt	3	the booming economy can be closely linked to the preservation of the environment	However, I believe the booming economy can be closely linked to the preservation of the environment.	9	18
essay78.txt	2	If a firm is environmentally conscious, it may have to make optimal use of its resources to improve its production lines and equipment, which can boost productivity	If a firm is environmentally conscious, it may have to make optimal use of its resources to improve its production lines and equipment, which can boost productivity.	13	18
essay78.txt	3	the economic development and environmental protection can be conflicting	In this view, the economic development and environmental protection can be conflicting.	8	18
essay78.txt	2	without the requirement of environmental preservation, the firm would still consume a vast amount of energy which constitutes a large part of its operational costs, being a hurdle to the economic develpment	On the other hand, without the requirement of environmental preservation, the firm would still consume a vast amount of energy which constitutes a large part of its operational costs, being a hurdle to the economic develpment.	15	18
essay78.txt	2	some countries may place economic developments ahead of environmental protection, thus ruining the local environments	Admittedly, some countries may place economic developments ahead of environmental protection, thus ruining the local environments.	4	18
essay78.txt	2	taking environmental consequences seriously can enhance working efficiencies	Furthermore, taking environmental consequences seriously can enhance working efficiencies.	12	18
essay78.txt	3	it may spur its economic development	Therefore, it may spur its economic development.	14	18
essay78.txt	2	unchecked and reckless uses of the local raw materials may happen, which can put a strain on the natural resources	As a result, unchecked and reckless uses of the local raw materials may happen, which can put a strain on the natural resources.	7	18
essay78.txt	0	economic development vs environment.	economic development vs environment.	0	18
essay78.txt	0	Currently, a great number of countries have pushed forward their economies by developing national industries.	Currently, a great number of countries have pushed forward their economies by developing national industries.	1	18
essay78.txt	0	However, some people are worried that the economic targets in industrialized countries may be attained at the expense of the ecosystems.	However, some people are worried that the economic targets in industrialized countries may be attained at the expense of the ecosystems.	2	18
essay79.txt	1	arts are supposed to be included in the government's investment as well	However, from my perspective, I think arts are supposed to be included in the government's investment as well.	3	19
essay79.txt	3	the authorities should also respect the value of arts which are individually and socially advantageous	At the same time, the authorities should also respect the value of arts which are individually and socially advantageous.	18	19
essay79.txt	3	public services and facilities are an integral part of the government expenditure	With those arguments in mind, I would conclude that public services and facilities are an integral part of the government expenditure.	17	19
essay79.txt	3	public services and facilities should be given adequate attention by the authorities to maintain social stability	Therefore, public services and facilities should be given adequate attention by the authorities to maintain social stability.	7	19
essay79.txt	3	the government should give priority to public services and facilities	Admittedly, the government should give priority to public services and facilities.	4	19
essay79.txt	2	the government plays the role of a leader among citizens, which should discharge the responsibility of making optimal use of the tax money to keep society safe and stable	This is because the government plays the role of a leader among citizens, which should discharge the responsibility of making optimal use of the tax money to keep society safe and stable.	5	19
essay79.txt	2	public services such as education system or medical care can meet people's basic demand of survival, security and knowledge, thus making them feel comfortable, which can lower the crime rate	Simultaneously, public services such as education system or medical care can meet people's basic demand of survival, security and knowledge, thus making them feel comfortable, which can lower the crime rate.	6	19
essay79.txt	2	they require various entertainment such as music, movies or books to them ease their minds and release pressure	Consequently, they require various entertainment such as music, movies or books to them ease their minds and release pressure.	11	19
essay79.txt	2	Without arts, people would be at risk of suffering psychological problems	Without arts, people would be at risk of suffering psychological problems.	12	19
essay79.txt	3	arts should by no means been disregarded by the government	On the other hand, I believe arts should by no means been disregarded by the government.	8	19
essay79.txt	2	This means preserving local arts may promote the preservation of the local cultural heritage, which not only helps the local people have a sense of belonging but also contributes to the booming local tourism industry	This means preserving local arts may promote the preservation of the local cultural heritage, which not only helps the local people have a sense of belonging but also contributes to the booming local tourism industry.	15	19
essay79.txt	2	arts can enrich people's cultural lives	Individually, arts can enrich people's cultural lives.	9	19
essay79.txt	3	funding arts is beneficial to the local cultural and economic development	From the point of the local community, funding arts is beneficial to the local cultural and economic development.	13	19
essay79.txt	2	people are increasingly occupied with their work and studies due to the stiff competition	Currently, people are increasingly occupied with their work and studies due to the stiff competition.	10	19
essay79.txt	2	Cultural heritage constitutes an essential part of arts	Cultural heritage constitutes an essential part of arts.	14	19
essay79.txt	3	arts serve cultural and economic purposes	In this view, arts serve cultural and economic purposes .	16	19
essay79.txt	0	Government should spend money on ARTs, not only on public services.	Government should spend money on ARTs, not only on public services.	0	19
essay79.txt	0	As people have raised their democratic awareness in recent years, they are caring more about how the tax expenditure is distributed by the government.	As people have raised their democratic awareness in recent years, they are caring more about how the tax expenditure is distributed by the government.	1	19
essay79.txt	0	As a result, some people suggest that the tax money should be allocated to publically beneficial services instead of arts.	As a result, some people suggest that the tax money should be allocated to publically beneficial services instead of arts.	2	19
essay80.txt	1	more good come from zoos than bad	In conclusion, both of the arguments have strong supports, but in my own view, more good come from zoos than bad.	15	17
essay80.txt	3	keeping animals in captivity is wrong	First, critics of zoology argue that keeping animals in captivity is wrong because animals should be considered non-human persons and they should have the right of having freedom.	4	17
essay80.txt	3	the standards of zoos should be leveled up to ensure that the animals in zoos are provided with good care and attention	However, it is hoped that the standards of zoos should be leveled up to ensure that the animals in zoos are provided with good care and attention.	16	17
essay80.txt	2	This is so unfair for them to be taken out of their natural environment and to be kept in small enclosures	This is so unfair for them to be taken out of their natural environment and to be kept in small enclosures.	5	17
essay80.txt	2	many zoos, especially the ones in developing countries, do not provide care and attention which their animals require	That is because, many zoos, especially the ones in developing countries, do not provide care and attention which their animals require.	6	17
essay80.txt	2	animals should be considered non-human persons	First, critics of zoology argue that keeping animals in captivity is wrong because animals should be considered non-human persons and they should have the right of having freedom.	4	17
essay80.txt	2	they should have the right of having freedom	First, critics of zoology argue that keeping animals in captivity is wrong because animals should be considered non-human persons and they should have the right of having freedom.	4	17
essay80.txt	3	zoos are needed to keep the nature balanced	Thus zoos are needed to keep the nature balanced.	14	17
essay80.txt	3	zoos provide the public with good entertainment and also help to ensure the balance of the ecology	On the other hand, the advocators believe that zoos provide the public with good entertainment and also help to ensure the balance of the ecology.	9	17
essay80.txt	2	Many people, especially young children enjoy going to zoos and see their favorite animals, cute baby-born animals and the animals that are from the different corners of the world	Many people, especially young children enjoy going to zoos and see their favorite animals, cute baby-born animals and the animals that are from the different corners of the world.	10	17
essay80.txt	2	Zoos provide educational information about the lives of different animals to the public	Zoos provide educational information about the lives of different animals to the public.	11	17
essay80.txt	2	The animals are often undernourished and do not have sufficient quality and quantity of medical treatment	The animals are often undernourished and do not have sufficient quality and quantity of medical treatment.	7	17
essay80.txt	2	zoos play an important role in reserving many breeds of animal and preventing them from being missing from life	Also, zoos play an important role in reserving many breeds of animal and preventing them from being missing from life.	12	17
essay80.txt	2	sometimes animals from hot countries have to survive in the cold winter of somewhere in Europe	In addition, sometimes animals from hot countries have to survive in the cold winter of somewhere in Europe.	8	17
essay80.txt	2	in zoos, animals are kept in enclosures which simulate their own habitats and also endangered animals are being protected from their predators or hunters	This is due to the fact that, in zoos, animals are kept in enclosures which simulate their own habitats and also endangered animals are being protected from their predators or hunters.	13	17
essay80.txt	0	Keeping animals in zoos.	Keeping animals in zoos.	0	17
essay80.txt	0	Since the time they were introduced zoos have both been supported and criticized.	Since the time they were introduced zoos have both been supported and criticized.	1	17
essay80.txt	0	Many believe that zoos could be very entertaining and ecologically important, whereas, others think that keeping animals in captivity is totally wrong.	Many believe that zoos could be very entertaining and ecologically important, whereas, others think that keeping animals in captivity is totally wrong.	2	17
essay80.txt	0	Both sides will be discussed before a reasonable conclusion is drawn.	Both sides will be discussed before a reasonable conclusion is drawn.	3	17
essay81.txt	1	the artists must be given freedom	I however, agree to this only to a certain extent and believe that the artists must be given freedom so that they will produce some really marvelous masterpiece.	3	21
essay81.txt	3	without any limitations, there will be more awe inspiring work from our artists	In short, without any limitations, there will be more awe inspiring work from our artists.	7	21
essay81.txt	2	they will produce some really marvelous masterpiece	I however, agree to this only to a certain extent and believe that the artists must be given freedom so that they will produce some really marvelous masterpiece.	3	21
essay81.txt	2	paintings by Da Vinci and Michallengo are admired even till now	For example, paintings by Da Vinci and Michallengo are admired even till now as they were not restricted during those times.	6	21
essay81.txt	2	they were not restricted during those times	For example, paintings by Da Vinci and Michallengo are admired even till now as they were not restricted during those times.	6	21
essay81.txt	2	if there is control over artists' ideas, they will definitely lose their sense of creativity in the long run	First and foremost, if there is control over artists' ideas, they will definitely lose their sense of creativity in the long run.	4	21
essay81.txt	2	when they are given the opportunity to express themselves, most artists will think out of the box and come up with spectacular Arts such as paintings or movies	It is undeniable that when they are given the opportunity to express themselves, most artists will think out of the box and come up with spectacular Arts such as paintings or movies.	5	21
essay81.txt	2	Arts is one of the ways that can be used to criticise social problems and government policies in a particular country	Arts is one of the ways that can be used to criticise social problems and government policies in a particular country.	10	21
essay81.txt	2	the famous movie '3 Idiots' acted by Amir Khan criticises the education system which is chiefly based on memorising and not being able to apply whatever the students learn	To illustrate this further, the famous movie '3 Idiots' acted by Amir Khan criticises the education system which is chiefly based on memorising and not being able to apply whatever the students learn.	11	21
essay81.txt	3	human rights is violated if artists are not allowed to express their feelings freely	Thus, human rights is violated if artists are not allowed to express their feelings freely.	12	21
essay81.txt	3	there are certain drawbacks if artists are not restricted	Looking from another perspective, there are certain drawbacks if artists are not restricted.	13	21
essay81.txt	2	it is every human's right to be able to voice out their opinions in any ways as long as they do not cause any problems to the nation	Furthermore, it is every human's right to be able to voice out their opinions in any ways as long as they do not cause any problems to the nation.	8	21
essay81.txt	2	They might go deeper into certain aspects that can cause controversies in a country	They might go deeper into certain aspects that can cause controversies in a country.	14	21
essay81.txt	2	many countries make numerous efforts to show that they are democratic countries	Today, many countries make numerous efforts to show that they are democratic countries.	9	21
essay81.txt	2	Malaysia is a multiracial country whereby all the citizens live together in harmony and peace	To cite an example, Malaysia is a multiracial country whereby all the citizens live together in harmony and peace.	15	21
essay81.txt	2	In case there is anyone who brings up some sensitive issues in their films or books regarding any races, this might end up in some chaos among the society	In case there is anyone who brings up some sensitive issues in their films or books regarding any races, this might end up in some chaos among the society.	16	21
essay81.txt	2	I believe that artists know their boundaries very well and would surely do not want their names tarnished just because of their unscrupulous acts	Nonetheless, I believe that artists know their boundaries very well and would surely do not want their names tarnished just because of their unscrupulous acts.	17	21
essay81.txt	3	I strongly believe there should be no restrictions on them	Hence, even though freedom to express ideas can bring some negative effects, I certainly believe that there are many wonderful and beautiful Arts due to the freedom to express ideas and thus, I strongly believe there should be no restrictions on them.	20	21
essay81.txt	3	there should not be any restrictions on artists' work	To conclude, it is now evident that there should not be any restrictions on artists' work.	18	21
essay81.txt	2	there are many wonderful and beautiful Arts due to the freedom to express ideas	Hence, even though freedom to express ideas can bring some negative effects, I certainly believe that there are many wonderful and beautiful Arts due to the freedom to express ideas and thus, I strongly believe there should be no restrictions on them.	20	21
essay81.txt	2	Allowing them to think freely will give them an opportunity to express themselves as ideas can naturally flow when there are no limitations	Allowing them to think freely will give them an opportunity to express themselves as ideas can naturally flow when there are no limitations.	19	21
essay81.txt	2	freedom to express ideas can bring some negative effects	Hence, even though freedom to express ideas can bring some negative effects, I certainly believe that there are many wonderful and beautiful Arts due to the freedom to express ideas and thus, I strongly believe there should be no restrictions on them.	20	21
essay81.txt	0	Artists' freedom to express ideas.	Artists' freedom to express ideas.	0	21
essay81.txt	0	Artists in most countries are given the freedom to express their thoughts in whatever they do.	Artists in most countries are given the freedom to express their thoughts in whatever they do.	1	21
essay81.txt	0	Nevertheless, some argue that there should be government restrictions in order to limit their opinions.	Nevertheless, some argue that there should be government restrictions in order to limit their opinions.	2	21
essay82.txt	2	more good comes from advertising than bad	In conclusion, after analyzing the pros and cons of advertising, both of the views have strong support, but it is felt that more good comes from advertising than bad.	13	15
essay82.txt	2	both of the views have strong support	In conclusion, after analyzing the pros and cons of advertising, both of the views have strong support, but it is felt that more good comes from advertising than bad.	13	15
essay82.txt	1	the idea that advertising is a positive part of life can be more supported	Thus, the idea that advertising is a positive part of life can be more supported.	14	15
essay82.txt	2	Advertisements are, therefore, very important for many businesses to increase sales and hence profits	Advertisements are, therefore, very important for many businesses to increase sales and hence profits.	5	15
essay82.txt	2	to consumers, advertising can bring them many benefits	Also, to consumers, advertising can bring them many benefits.	6	15
essay82.txt	3	it is easy to see why the idea that advertising is a positive part of life will garner strong support	From all of these, it is easy to see why the idea that advertising is a positive part of life will garner strong support.	8	15
essay82.txt	2	advertising is carried out with the main purpose of promoting different products and services or encouraging people to consume more	First, it is generally understood that advertising is carried out with the main purpose of promoting different products and services or encouraging people to consume more.	4	15
essay82.txt	2	a huge amount of different advertisements could be sent automatically by a system to personal phones or email addresses	Firstly, a huge amount of different advertisements could be sent automatically by a system to personal phones or email addresses, this is generally known as spam, and causes discomfort or even annoyance to many people.	10	15
essay82.txt	2	this is generally known as spam, and causes discomfort or even annoyance to many people	Firstly, a huge amount of different advertisements could be sent automatically by a system to personal phones or email addresses, this is generally known as spam, and causes discomfort or even annoyance to many people.	10	15
essay82.txt	2	advertising can be very expensive and not every advertising campaign can be done successfully and brings good results	Secondly, advertising can be very expensive and not every advertising campaign can be done successfully and brings good results.	11	15
essay82.txt	2	customers of telecommunication services will have an idea about the current offers of different companies	For example, customers of telecommunication services will have an idea about the current offers of different companies and hence they can compare them and then have a better decision in choosing their internet or mobile phone plans.	7	15
essay82.txt	3	some people have argued against advertising due to its negative impacts	However, it can be seen that some people have argued against advertising due to its negative impacts.	9	15
essay82.txt	2	they can compare them and then have a better decision in choosing their internet or mobile phone plans	For example, customers of telecommunication services will have an idea about the current offers of different companies and hence they can compare them and then have a better decision in choosing their internet or mobile phone plans.	7	15
essay82.txt	2	advertising is believed by many, a financial burden to businesses	Therefore, advertising is believed by many, a financial burden to businesses.	12	15
essay82.txt	2	advertising has brought great benefits to lives	Many believe that advertising has brought great benefits to lives therefore it should be considered a positive activity while others have held a complete different idea about this.	2	15
essay82.txt	3	it should be considered a positive activity	Many believe that advertising has brought great benefits to lives therefore it should be considered a positive activity while others have held a complete different idea about this.	2	15
essay82.txt	0	Advertising - positive or negative part of our lives.	Advertising - positive or negative part of our lives.	0	15
essay82.txt	0	Nowadays, the use of advertisement through different forms of media such as newspapers, radio and television has become very prevalent, so it is thought to be a necessary part of today's society.	Nowadays, the use of advertisement through different forms of media such as newspapers, radio and television has become very prevalent, so it is thought to be a necessary part of today's society.	1	15
essay82.txt	0	Both views will be critiqued before a reasonable conclusion is drawn.	Both views will be critiqued before a reasonable conclusion is drawn.	3	15
essay83.txt	1	I find myself aligned with opponenets of the usages of nuclear power	As far as my opinion is concerned , I find myself aligned with opponenets of the usages of nuclear power.	2	15
essay83.txt	2	Last centuary has witnesed the horrors of such weapons	Last centuary has witnesed the horrors of such weapons.	5	15
essay83.txt	3	pursuit of nuclear technology one way or the other leads towards atomic weapons	First and foremost reason is that pursuit of nuclear technology one way or the other leads towards atomic weapons.	4	15
essay83.txt	2	recently there has been an incident in which an atomic power house leaked tons of radio active material into air when an earthquake hit the surrounding area	For example recently there has been an incident in which an atomic power house leaked tons of radio active material into air when an earthquake hit the surrounding area.	8	15
essay83.txt	2	no matter how much careful we are such accidents are unevitable	This unfortunate event proves that no matter how much careful we are such accidents are unevitable.	9	15
essay83.txt	2	If each country pursues the fusion and fission process some of them may try to mold it for millitary usage	If each country pursues the fusion and fission process some of them may try to mold it for millitary usage.	6	15
essay83.txt	3	even civil usages of atomic power pose a dire threat of radio activity	Another reason to fortify my opinion is that even civil usages of atomic power pose a dire threat of radio activity.	7	15
essay83.txt	2	there has not been any permanat solution of it	Safely getting rid of nuclear waste is a daunting task and there has not been any permanat solution of it.	11	15
essay83.txt	3	This waste is many times more lethal to our environment than any of the other hazordous material	This waste is many times more lethal to our environment than any of the other hazordous material.	12	15
essay83.txt	2	nuclear power may apear silver bullet for energy crisis	To sum it up, from above mentioned facts it can easily be deduced that nuclear power may apear silver bullet for energy crisis but its disadvantages far outweigh the adavantages.	13	15
essay83.txt	2	its disadvantages far outweigh the adavantages	To sum it up, from above mentioned facts it can easily be deduced that nuclear power may apear silver bullet for energy crisis but its disadvantages far outweigh the adavantages.	13	15
essay83.txt	2	while generating energy from any source be it hydro power or oil there always is some wastage and so is the case with nuclear power	Last but not least, while generating energy from any source be it hydro power or oil there always is some wastage and so is the case with nuclear power.	10	15
essay83.txt	3	use of nuclear technology should be discouraged even for civil purposes	Thus i suggest that use of nuclear technology should be discouraged even for civil purposes.	14	15
essay83.txt	3	Safely getting rid of nuclear waste is a daunting task	Safely getting rid of nuclear waste is a daunting task and there has not been any permanat solution of it.	11	15
essay83.txt	0	The nuclear power provide clean and cheap energy.	The nuclear power provide clean and cheap energy.	0	15
essay83.txt	0	The topic of nuclear technology frequently generates a heated debate with proponenets maintaining that nuclear power provides a source of efficient and economical energy while opponents argue that atomic technology is uncontrollable and very dangerous to handle.	The topic of nuclear technology frequently generates a heated debate with proponenets maintaining that nuclear power provides a source of efficient and economical energy while opponents argue that atomic technology is uncontrollable and very dangerous to handle.	1	15
essay83.txt	0	I have several reasons to believe its disadvantages outnumber the few advantages.	I have several reasons to believe its disadvantages outnumber the few advantages.	3	15
essay84.txt	3	I agree to this solution only to a certain degree	Nevertheless, I agree to this solution only to a certain degree because I feel that giving those with no work a mobile phone each is a total waste of money.	4	22
essay84.txt	2	when people without jobs have hand phones that have access to the Internet, they will be able to browse the net for more job opportunities	In a positive point of view, when people without jobs have hand phones that have access to the Internet, they will be able to browse the net for more job opportunities.	5	22
essay84.txt	2	giving those with no work a mobile phone each is a total waste of money	Nevertheless, I agree to this solution only to a certain degree because I feel that giving those with no work a mobile phone each is a total waste of money.	4	22
essay84.txt	2	the mobile phones can also be used to make calls with the companies in which they would like to work with	Not only that, the mobile phones can also be used to make calls with the companies in which they would like to work with.	8	22
essay84.txt	3	if the government provides those without work with a mobile phone, they will be able to find themselves an occupation in order to live and survive	In short, if the government provides those without work with a mobile phone, they will be able to find themselves an occupation in order to live and survive.	9	22
essay84.txt	2	they can surf the The Star Onlines' work section to find a job that is suitable for them	For example, they can surf the The Star Onlines' work section to find a job that is suitable for them.	6	22
essay84.txt	2	With the help of the net, they can also do more research on the work that they have found apart from looking up on how they can prepare themselves for the job	With the help of the net, they can also do more research on the work that they have found apart from looking up on how they can prepare themselves for the job.	7	22
essay84.txt	2	the money can be used to build more amenities for the public or given to the poor	To illustrate this further, the money can be used to build more amenities for the public or given to the poor so that they can use it to help them earn a living.	12	22
essay84.txt	2	they can use it to help them earn a living	To illustrate this further, the money can be used to build more amenities for the public or given to the poor so that they can use it to help them earn a living.	12	22
essay84.txt	3	the money can be used for other intentions rather than giving hand phones to the unemployed	To conclude, the money can be used for other intentions rather than giving hand phones to the unemployed.	13	22
essay84.txt	2	when hand phones are provided for free, many would want to take advantage of this opportunity	Furthermore, when hand phones are provided for free, many would want to take advantage of this opportunity.	14	22
essay84.txt	3	supplying hand phones to the unemployed is a waste of the taxpayers' money	Nonetheless, looking from another perspective, supplying hand phones to the unemployed is a waste of the taxpayers' money.	10	22
essay84.txt	2	in order to obtain a mobile phone, they make themselves jobless	It will not be surprising that in order to obtain a mobile phone, they make themselves jobless.	15	22
essay84.txt	2	the money instead of being used to supply the electronic gadget can be used for other useful purposes for the country	This is because the money instead of being used to supply the electronic gadget can be used for other useful purposes for the country.	11	22
essay84.txt	2	Some might even go to the extent of lying that they are on unemployment to make them eligible to get the phones	Some might even go to the extent of lying that they are on unemployment to make them eligible to get the phones.	16	22
essay84.txt	3	the public's money is spent worthlessly	In this context, the public's money is spent worthlessly.	17	22
essay84.txt	3	there are no surveys or evidences that prove this method in effective in reducing the rate of unemployment	On top of that, till now, there are no surveys or evidences that prove this method in effective in reducing the rate of unemployment.	18	22
essay84.txt	1	the suggestion of providing those who are jobless with mobile phones that are accessible to internet is not a proper and the best way to trim down the rate of unemployment	To put it in a nutshell, the suggestion of providing those who are jobless with mobile phones that are accessible to internet is not a proper and the best way to trim down the rate of unemployment.	19	22
essay84.txt	3	I suggest the government look into the background of the people in depth before giving out hand phones to them	I suggest the government look into the background of the people in depth before giving out hand phones to them.	20	22
essay84.txt	2	the public money should be utilized for the benefit of the society and not just for some of them who are not willing to put in more effort to find them a proper work	I strongly believe that the public money should be utilized for the benefit of the society and not just for some of them who are not willing to put in more effort to find them a proper work.	21	22
essay84.txt	0	Giving mobile phones to the unemployed.	Giving mobile phones to the unemployed.	0	22
essay84.txt	0	Today, the rate of unemployment is on the rise and is seriously being debated by many.	Today, the rate of unemployment is on the rise and is seriously being debated by many.	1	22
essay84.txt	0	Some opine that the best method to minimize this problem is by providing the unemployed with hand phones that have access to the Internet.	Some opine that the best method to minimize this problem is by providing the unemployed with hand phones that have access to the Internet.	2	22
essay84.txt	0	They also believe that this solution is the most appropriate way to utilize the public money.	They also believe that this solution is the most appropriate way to utilize the public money.	3	22
essay85.txt	1	CCTV cameras should be installed in every premise	Even so, I strongly believe that CCTV cameras should be installed in every premise to combat the ever increasing theft rate and to protect the workers at the workplace.	5	24
essay85.txt	3	CCTV cameras are essential and therefore must be installed in every premise	To conclude, CCTV cameras are essential and therefore must be installed in every premise.	20	24
essay85.txt	2	the use of CCTV has plenty of benefits to offer, especially in reducing crimes and protecting the employees in a premise	It is undeniable that the use of CCTV has plenty of benefits to offer, especially in reducing crimes and protecting the employees in a premise.	3	24
essay85.txt	2	privacies are lost with the use of these cameras	Admittedly, privacies are lost with the use of these cameras.	22	24
essay85.txt	2	when a shop is attacked by thieves, the clips taken by these cameras serve as a source of evidence to help the thieves to be traced	This is because when a shop is attacked by thieves, the clips taken by these cameras serve as a source of evidence to help the thieves to be traced.	7	24
essay85.txt	2	This is chiefly to shield oneself from being harmed by any intruders or robbers	This is chiefly to shield oneself from being harmed by any intruders or robbers.	21	24
essay85.txt	2	safety should be put first in order to be safe	Nonetheless, safety should be put first in order to be safe.	23	24
essay85.txt	2	they will less likely steal from the shops	Not only that, as the employees know that they are under constant surveillance, they will less likely steal from the shops.	9	24
essay85.txt	3	CCTVs must be put in all workplace	Thus, it is clear that CCTVs must be put in all workplace so that crime rates can be minimized.	10	24
essay85.txt	2	crime rates can be minimized	Thus, it is clear that CCTVs must be put in all workplace so that crime rates can be minimized.	10	24
essay85.txt	2	by having CCTV cameras at workplace, crimes such as robbery can be trimmed down	Firstly, by having CCTV cameras at workplace, crimes such as robbery can be trimmed down.	6	24
essay85.txt	2	in Malaysia, policemen used the videos captured by the CCTV cameras to trace and successfully catch a group of robbers who broke into a Seven Eleven shop during the midnight	To illustrate this further, in Malaysia, policemen used the videos captured by the CCTV cameras to trace and successfully catch a group of robbers who broke into a Seven Eleven shop during the midnight.	8	24
essay85.txt	2	the customers know very well that their conversations are recorded	Hence, the installation of CCTV cameras may help the employees escape this situation because the customers know very well that their conversations are recorded.	13	24
essay85.txt	2	the employees know that they are under constant surveillance	Not only that, as the employees know that they are under constant surveillance, they will less likely steal from the shops.	9	24
essay85.txt	2	In the event of an argument, the videotapes can used to determine what actually took place and further actions can be then taken	In the event of an argument, the videotapes can used to determine what actually took place and further actions can be then taken.	14	24
essay85.txt	2	their privacies are invaded with the constant monitoring of the cameras	Those opposing the CCTV systems feel that their privacies are invaded with the constant monitoring of the cameras.	17	24
essay85.txt	2	face-to-face interactions with an annoyed customer can put the employee in physical danger	At times, face-to-face interactions with an annoyed customer can put the employee in physical danger.	12	24
essay85.txt	3	the use of CCTV cameras does cause controversy	Looking from another perspective, the use of CCTV cameras does cause controversy.	16	24
essay85.txt	3	these cameras can help to provide some form of protection to the workers against the customers	In short, these cameras can help to provide some form of protection to the workers against the customers.	15	24
essay85.txt	2	prevention is always better than suffering from the consequences	However, one must realize that safety is of paramount importance compared to privacy and prevention is always better than suffering from the consequences.	18	24
essay85.txt	2	at some offices, employees are often required to handle angry or frustrated customers	Furthermore, at some offices, employees are often required to handle angry or frustrated customers.	11	24
essay85.txt	2	safety is of paramount importance compared to privacy	However, one must realize that safety is of paramount importance compared to privacy and prevention is always better than suffering from the consequences.	18	24
essay85.txt	2	the installation of CCTV cameras may help the employees escape this situation	Hence, the installation of CCTV cameras may help the employees escape this situation because the customers know very well that their conversations are recorded.	13	24
essay85.txt	2	opponents of this system should try to comprehend the situation and take actions to prevent themselves from being victims of crime	Ergo, opponents of this system should try to comprehend the situation and take actions to prevent themselves from being victims of crime.	19	24
essay85.txt	0	Use of CCTV cameras.	Use of CCTV cameras.	0	24
essay85.txt	0	Today, close circuit television (CCTV) cameras are widely used in a variety of circumstances.	Today, close circuit television (CCTV) cameras are widely used in a variety of circumstances.	1	24
essay85.txt	0	They are used in schools, businesses and some other premises in order to monitor the activities taking place.	They are used in schools, businesses and some other premises in order to monitor the activities taking place.	2	24
essay85.txt	0	Nevertheless, some argue that these cameras invade their privacies due to constantly being monitored.	Nevertheless, some argue that these cameras invade their privacies due to constantly being monitored.	4	24
essay86.txt	3	universities playing the most important role in education system have to guarantee the knowledge conveyed is true and useful, which can be achieved through the researching function	Secondly, universities playing the most important role in education system have to guarantee the knowledge conveyed is true and useful, which can be achieved through the researching function.	9	13
essay86.txt	2	Old knowledge is applied to particular problems during research and solutions found often bring about innovations in culture and technology to promote human and communities to step forward	Old knowledge is applied to particular problems during research and solutions found often bring about innovations in culture and technology to promote human and communities to step forward.	10	13
essay86.txt	2	Systematic and comprehensive training programs in specific fields urge people to master information required quickly and thoroughly	Systematic and comprehensive training programs in specific fields urge people to master information required quickly and thoroughly.	6	13
essay86.txt	2	The essential social capabilities such as communication skills, teamwork, leadership and time management are gradually cultivated with group workshops and various kinds of social activities in universities	The essential social capabilities such as communication skills, teamwork, leadership and time management are gradually cultivated with group workshops and various kinds of social activities in universities.	8	13
essay86.txt	3	teaching and researching working together lead to the success of today's universities	Both teaching and researching working together lead to the success of today's universities.	12	13
essay86.txt	2	it can be seen that universities produce a great many of talents with outstanding teaching and advance the progress of human society with achievements in scientific research	In conclusion, it can be seen that universities produce a great many of talents with outstanding teaching and advance the progress of human society with achievements in scientific research.	11	13
essay86.txt	1	the main functions of universities as the highest educational institution are teaching and researching	This essay will argue that the main functions of universities as the highest educational institution are teaching and researching.	4	13
essay86.txt	3	imparting knowledge and educating people are basic duty of universities where people decide career direction and acquire more specialized knowledge and skills	Firstly, imparting knowledge and educating people are basic duty of universities where people decide career direction and acquire more specialized knowledge and skills.	5	13
essay86.txt	3	universities are not only continuation of schooling but a platform where people start knowing more about society	Nevertheless, universities are not only continuation of schooling but a platform where people start knowing more about society.	7	13
essay86.txt	0	teaching and researching working together lead to the success.	teaching and researching working together lead to the success.	0	13
essay86.txt	0	Recently, the controversial debate surrounding universities has sparked interests among students and the media.	Recently, the controversial debate surrounding universities has sparked interests among students and the media.	1	13
essay86.txt	0	Some of them deem universities principally provide training for people to be qualified employees.	Some of them deem universities principally provide training for people to be qualified employees.	2	13
essay86.txt	0	However, others support that it is more reasonable to set down universities as a centre of culture life where knowledge is transferred and updated.	However, others support that it is more reasonable to set down universities as a centre of culture life where knowledge is transferred and updated.	3	13
essay87.txt	1	government should take some actions such as classifying the payment, boosting the public transport and encouraging individuals to adopt the zero-emission cars, rather than raising the price of petrol, to get rid of the traffic and pollution problems	To conclude, I personally believe the government should take some actions such as classifying the payment, boosting the public transport and encouraging individuals to adopt the zero-emission cars, rather than raising the price of petrol, to get rid of the traffic and pollution problems.	18	19
essay87.txt	3	making the fuel cost more money could limit the number of vehicles to some extent	Undeniably, making the fuel cost more money could limit the number of vehicles to some extent.	5	19
essay87.txt	3	their view is overly simplistic	From my perspective, I think their view is overly simplistic.	4	19
essay87.txt	2	those who are suffering from the inefficiency of public transport tend to own a car immediately	Therefore, those who are suffering from the inefficiency of public transport tend to own a car immediately.	7	19
essay87.txt	2	some families purchase even more than three cars just for their own sake	Moreover, some families purchase even more than three cars just for their own sake.	8	19
essay87.txt	2	Due to the increasing number of petrol stations, the competition in this field is more and more fierce	Due to the increasing number of petrol stations, the competition in this field is more and more fierce, thus the price of petrol could be lower in the future.	6	19
essay87.txt	2	the price of petrol could be lower in the future	Due to the increasing number of petrol stations, the competition in this field is more and more fierce, thus the price of petrol could be lower in the future.	6	19
essay87.txt	2	such an argument may restrict the real necessity of automobiles	Nevertheless, such an argument may restrict the real necessity of automobiles.	10	19
essay87.txt	2	some families really need one or two cars	In fact, some families really need one or two cars.	11	19
essay87.txt	2	three family members have to work or study in three place separated so far with each other	For example, three family members have to work or study in three place separated so far with each other, then they need to acquire at least two cars or they may both be late.	12	19
essay87.txt	2	if they must pay more money on fuel, they may consider about that price of purchasing additionally for more time	In such case if they must pay more money on fuel, they may consider about that price of purchasing additionally for more time.	9	19
essay87.txt	2	they need to acquire at least two cars or they may both be late	For example, three family members have to work or study in three place separated so far with each other, then they need to acquire at least two cars or they may both be late.	12	19
essay87.txt	2	the development of automobile industry could be restrained as well as the employments offered by it, which could have negative effects on economy	On the other hand, the development of automobile industry could be restrained as well as the employments offered by it, which could have negative effects on economy.	13	19
essay87.txt	3	I can hardly agree that the solution is the best	Therefore, I can hardly agree that the solution is the best.	14	19
essay87.txt	3	a new method of expenditure classification could be adopted	Firstly, a new method of expenditure classification could be adopted.	16	19
essay87.txt	2	individuals had to pay much more for fuel if they possess more than three vehicles	For instance, individuals had to pay much more for fuel if they possess more than three vehicles; secondly, the government should develop the public transport to meet the residents' demand; last but not least, the people should be encouraged to use electric car to reduce the car emissions.	17	19
essay87.txt	3	the government should develop the public transport to meet the residents' demand	For instance, individuals had to pay much more for fuel if they possess more than three vehicles; secondly, the government should develop the public transport to meet the residents' demand; last but not least, the people should be encouraged to use electric car to reduce the car emissions.	17	19
essay87.txt	3	the people should be encouraged to use electric car to reduce the car emissions	For instance, individuals had to pay much more for fuel if they possess more than three vehicles; secondly, the government should develop the public transport to meet the residents' demand; last but not least, the people should be encouraged to use electric car to reduce the car emissions.	17	19
essay87.txt	0	Can petrol price increase impact on reducing traffic and pollution?	Can petrol price increase impact on reducing traffic and pollution?	0	19
essay87.txt	0	Nowadays, the importance of vehicles has been widely recognized thoughout the world.	Nowadays, the importance of vehicles has been widely recognized thoughout the world.	1	19
essay87.txt	0	However, it rises concerns about the increasingly severe traffic problems as well as the automobile exhaust pollution.	However, it rises concerns about the increasingly severe traffic problems as well as the automobile exhaust pollution.	2	19
essay87.txt	0	Some argue that the best solution to these issues is raising the price of petrol.	Some argue that the best solution to these issues is raising the price of petrol.	3	19
essay87.txt	0	From my mind, I think there are three ways tosolve these problems.	From my mind, I think there are three ways tosolve these problems.	15	19
essay88.txt	1	I am in favor of living in a small town	Personally, however, I am in favor of living in a small town.	2	25
essay88.txt	2	The atmosphere in suburban area brings me peaceful feeling	The atmosphere in suburban area brings me peaceful feeling.	3	25
essay88.txt	3	These features make a suburban town the paradise for people who want to escape from suffocating lives in major cities	These features make a suburban town the paradise for people who want to escape from suffocating lives in major cities.	11	25
essay88.txt	2	peaceful atmosphere is attractive	First and foremost, peaceful atmosphere is attractive.	7	25
essay88.txt	2	people there are very friendly	Moreover, people there are very friendly.	4	25
essay88.txt	2	the environmental is greener than in cities	Finally, the environmental is greener than in cities.	5	25
essay88.txt	2	lives small towns are great deal more quiet and the air is always fresh	Meanwhile, lives small towns are great deal more quiet and the air is always fresh.	10	25
essay88.txt	3	people in small towns are always friendly	Secondly, people in small towns are always friendly.	12	25
essay88.txt	2	many people in urban areas even do not know the names of their neighbors	In my experience, many people in urban areas even do not know the names of their neighbors.	13	25
essay88.txt	2	people in large cities face annoying noise and dirty air emitted from vehicles almost everyday	It is clearly seen that people in large cities face annoying noise and dirty air emitted from vehicles almost everyday.	8	25
essay88.txt	2	It is contrary in small town life, where people are ready to help whenever their neighbors are in need	It is contrary in small town life, where people are ready to help whenever their neighbors are in need.	14	25
essay88.txt	2	This is likely to adversely affect their mental health	This is likely to adversely affect their mental health.	9	25
essay88.txt	2	The relationship among them can be so close that they usually attend the birthday party of one of their neighboring people	The relationship among them can be so close that they usually attend the birthday party of one of their neighboring people.	15	25
essay88.txt	2	The affection from people around brings me cozy feeling on my birthday when I live away from my family	The affection from people around brings me cozy feeling on my birthday when I live away from my family.	16	25
essay88.txt	3	the green environment in small towns interests me	Finally, the green environment in small towns interests me.	17	25
essay88.txt	3	a small town is the best place for me to live in	Nonetheless, peaceful atmosphere, friendliness of people, and green landscape strongly convince me that a small town is the best place for me to live in.	23	25
essay88.txt	2	there are more trees and lakes in towns than in cities	It seems to me that there are more trees and lakes in towns than in cities.	18	25
essay88.txt	2	peaceful atmosphere, friendliness of people, and green landscape strongly convince me	Nonetheless, peaceful atmosphere, friendliness of people, and green landscape strongly convince me that a small town is the best place for me to live in.	23	25
essay88.txt	2	It is wonderful that I get up early in the morning and take a walk in such a green place	It is wonderful that I get up early in the morning and take a walk in such a green place.	19	25
essay88.txt	2	city life has its own advantages	In conclusion, I would concede that city life has its own advantages.	22	25
essay88.txt	2	The urban environment, however, is so artificial with only buildings and vehicles	The urban environment, however, is so artificial with only buildings and vehicles.	20	25
essay88.txt	2	I can not adapt myself to such an environment	I can not adapt myself to such an environment.	21	25
essay88.txt	0	Prefer to live in a small town rather than a city.	Prefer to live in a small town rather than a city.	0	25
essay88.txt	0	Many people believe that the life in a major metropolis is convenient and interesting.	Many people believe that the life in a major metropolis is convenient and interesting.	1	25
essay88.txt	0	That is why I love enjoying my life in a small town.	That is why I love enjoying my life in a small town.	6	25
essay88.txt	0	I love the life in my town.	I love the life in my town.	24	25
essay89.txt	1	I consider knowledge from experience as the more important source	However, I consider knowledge from experience as the more important source because of its negative impacts on real life.	22	24
essay89.txt	2	It is apparent that books are often written by professors, experts, or authorities in a variety of fields	It is apparent that books are often written by professors, experts, or authorities in a variety of fields.	5	24
essay89.txt	2	knowledge acquired from books is greatly accepted	Therefore, knowledge acquired from books is greatly accepted, which means that it is right to the bulk of people.	6	24
essay89.txt	2	it is common in books that water boils at 100 Celcius degree	To cite an example, it is common in books that water boils at 100 Celcius degree.	8	24
essay89.txt	2	the result is not always the same in reality	However, the result is not always the same in reality because it also depends on the height, the purity of the water, and even the measuring tool.	9	24
essay89.txt	2	it is right to the bulk of people	Therefore, knowledge acquired from books is greatly accepted, which means that it is right to the bulk of people.	6	24
essay89.txt	2	knowledge from experience seems a little different from information contained in books	Meanwhile, knowledge from experience seems a little different from information contained in books.	7	24
essay89.txt	2	it is difficult to apply knowledge from books into practice	Consequently, it is difficult to apply knowledge from books into practice.	13	24
essay89.txt	2	information contained in books is usually put in criteria	In my experience, information contained in books is usually put in criteria so that many people can read and understand the content.	12	24
essay89.txt	2	a student decides to learn about chemical reactions from books	For instance, a student decides to learn about chemical reactions from books.	15	24
essay89.txt	2	it is easy to put knowledge from experience in real life	Whereas, it is easy to put knowledge from experience in real life because it is acquired from what have happened to them.	14	24
essay89.txt	2	This method is likely to be fast, simple, and even safe	This method is likely to be fast, simple, and even safe.	16	24
essay89.txt	2	it is acquired from what have happened to them	Whereas, it is easy to put knowledge from experience in real life because it is acquired from what have happened to them.	14	24
essay89.txt	2	there is an increased likelihood that he neither remembers the necessary information for a long time nor knows how to do an make an experiment	Nevertheless, there is an increased likelihood that he neither remembers the necessary information for a long time nor knows how to do an make an experiment.	17	24
essay89.txt	2	if he goes to the library and carries out the reactions, he is certain to have a thorough grasp of the phenomena seen	Meanwhile, if he goes to the library and carries out the reactions, he is certain to have a thorough grasp of the phenomena seen.	18	24
essay89.txt	2	He is also able to use this information for the next times	He is also able to use this information for the next times.	19	24
essay89.txt	2	many people can read and understand the content	In my experience, information contained in books is usually put in criteria so that many people can read and understand the content.	12	24
essay89.txt	3	knowledge from experience helps people more than knowledge from books does	Indeed, knowledge from experience helps people more than knowledge from books does.	20	24
essay89.txt	2	the practicability is one of the most essential factors of knowledge	Next, the practicability is one of the most essential factors of knowledge.	11	24
essay89.txt	2	knowledge from books is widely accepted	In conclusion, I would concede that knowledge from books is widely accepted.	21	24
essay89.txt	2	it also depends on the height, the purity of the water, and even the measuring tool	However, the result is not always the same in reality because it also depends on the height, the purity of the water, and even the measuring tool.	9	24
essay89.txt	2	Experiencing a thing and drawing information from it is really interesting and helpful	Experiencing a thing and drawing information from it is really interesting and helpful.	23	24
essay89.txt	3	the accuracy of knowledge is crucially important	First and foremost, the accuracy of knowledge is crucially important.	4	24
essay89.txt	0	Knowledge from experience is more important than that from books.	Knowledge from experience is more important than that from books.	0	24
essay89.txt	0	The differences between knowledge from books and from experience have erupted endless controversy.	The differences between knowledge from books and from experience have erupted endless controversy.	1	24
essay89.txt	0	Various ideas and preferences have been presented.	Various ideas and preferences have been presented.	2	24
essay89.txt	0	The purpose of my writing is to deeply discuss these sources of knowledge in two important aspects: accuracy and practicability, and to show my greater interest in knowledge accumulated from experience.	The purpose of my writing is to deeply discuss these sources of knowledge in two important aspects: accuracy and practicability, and to show my greater interest in knowledge accumulated from experience.	3	24
essay89.txt	0	By and large, each source of knowledge has its own accuracy rate.	By and large, each source of knowledge has its own accuracy rate.	10	24
essay90.txt	3	this suggestion is not advisable	However, from my perspective, I suppose this suggestion is not advisable, for it cannot alter the situation essentially and instead it may give rise to new concerns in rural areas.	3	20
essay90.txt	2	it cannot alter the situation essentially and instead it may give rise to new concerns in rural areas	However, from my perspective, I suppose this suggestion is not advisable, for it cannot alter the situation essentially and instead it may give rise to new concerns in rural areas.	3	20
essay90.txt	1	relocating big firms, factories and their employees is not sensible to address urban traffic and housing problems	Overall, I would conclude that relocating big firms, factories and their employees is not sensible to address urban traffic and housing problems.	18	20
essay90.txt	3	moving big companies, factories and their employees to the rural area can help ease traffic congestion and housing scarcity	Admittedly, moving big companies, factories and their employees to the rural area can help ease traffic congestion and housing scarcity.	4	20
essay90.txt	2	As people work in the countryside, they will not have to commute in cities at peak times such as eight o'clock in the morning or six o'clock in the afternoon	As people work in the countryside, they will not have to commute in cities at peak times such as eight o'clock in the morning or six o'clock in the afternoon.	5	20
essay90.txt	2	This can be best illustrated with the example of the married workers	This can be best illustrated with the example of the married workers.	10	20
essay90.txt	3	the government should be forward-looking, resolving the problems within the cities	Instead, the government should be forward-looking, resolving the problems within the cities.	19	20
essay90.txt	3	the proposed measure is not fundamental to resolve urban traffic and housing problems	However, the proposed measure is not fundamental to resolve urban traffic and housing problems.	8	20
essay90.txt	2	some employees are reluctant to live in the rural areas only due to the relocation of their workplaces	This is because some employees are reluctant to live in the rural areas only due to the relocation of their workplaces.	9	20
essay90.txt	2	Taking into the growth of their children into consideration, the married workers may believe the educational resources in cities are far superior to ones in the countryside	Taking into the growth of their children into consideration, the married workers may believe the educational resources in cities are far superior to ones in the countryside, and because of this, they probably opt for living in the cities.	11	20
essay90.txt	2	urban traffic jam can be, to some extent, relieved in this respect	Consequently, urban traffic jam can be, to some extent, relieved in this respect.	6	20
essay90.txt	2	they probably opt for living in the cities	Taking into the growth of their children into consideration, the married workers may believe the educational resources in cities are far superior to ones in the countryside, and because of this, they probably opt for l